· Using API connections and flat files ingests to parse JSON and CSV data for software connectors.
· Develop connector software on Windows Red Hat Fuse using Java (version 8 or above), Blueprint XML, XSLT, Camel and SQL libraries which ingests cybersecurity data from security sensors to a SQL Server Database for display on a Dashboard.
· Create test plans to validate the ingest software functionality.
· Create documentation on the use of the ingest software.
· Interpret and implement functional requirements between the sensors and the dashboard.
· Provide support to operations teams on the software when deployed into production.

Basic Qualifications:

· BS in Computer Science or related field
· Minimum 4-5 years of experience in technologies:
o Software Development using Java (version 8 or above) with an IDE (e.g. Eclipse, CodeReady)
o Parsing File formats (e.g., JSON, XML, and CSV)
o SQL SERVER database design, programming, tuning, writing SQL queries/procedures
o Developing/automating test procedures
o Web services client development using REST API
o Test REST APIs from command line (curl, get, post, put) and/or using Postman or other API testing framework
o Release Management and build tools (e.g., Maven, Jenkins) and configuration tools (e.g., SVN)
o Secure coding practices including use of encryption (e.g., Certificates, TLS Connections)
o Experience in developing in the Windows environment
· Knowledge of data integration and data transfer through on-premise and Cloud resources
· Excellent communication, and relationship skills to articulate advanced technical topics and build consensus among clients and technical stakeholders
· Strong interpersonal and collaborations skills working in a team-oriented environment
· Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
· Ability to adhere to defined processes & procedures, and suggest improvements
· Ability to effectively prioritize and handle multiple tasks simultaneously
· Strong technical documentation skills

Preferred Qualifications:

· Experience with:
o Red Hat Fuse, Camel, Blueprint XML, XSLT programming
o Windows PowerShell
· Knowledge of emerging cybersecurity technologies such as Mobile and Asset Management, Identity and Access Management, and Vulnerability Management software (e.g., McAfee, Tenable, SCCM, ServiceNow, SailPoint, CyberArk)
· Experience with JIRA and Agile development practices
· Overall strong background in systems engineering, security engineering, architecting, enterprise integration, and interoperability in a complex systems environment
· Experience modeling data, message, and service interoperability
· Understanding of technical, operational, and management issues related to design, development, and deployment of complex and distributed systems
· Understanding of interrelationships between critical infrastructure protection and cybersecurity
· Familiarity with DoD Cybersecurity programs and compliance

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $90.00 - $115.00 per hour

Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Tenable Security Center: 5 years (Required)
SQL: 5 years (Required)
Data warehouse: 5 years (Required)
XML: 5 years (Required)
JSON: 5 years (Required)
Java: 5 years (Required)
Vulnerability management: 5 years (Required)
Identity & access management: 5 years (Required)
XSLT: 5 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Show Less Our Human Resources Department is focused on ALDI’s most valuable asset: our people. With teams including Administration, Employee Communications, Payroll & Benefits, Human Resource Information Systems, Legal, Risk & Security, Recruitment and Training & Development, HR makes sure that ALDI continues to employ talented and motivated people that are focused on preserving the supportive culture we're known for.


Position Type: Full-Time
Work Location: Naperville, IL
This role is eligible to participate in ALDI’s Hybrid Work Program, which allows remote work up to 3 days per week (i.e., work remotely up to 3 days per week; work in-office at least 2 days per week)


Duties and Responsibilities:
Must be able to perform duties with or without reasonable accommodation.


Develop complex SQL statements to extract data from multiple tables
Create and maintain technical documentation
Modify custom stored procedures, functions, triggers, view, and tables as needed
Work with IT on developing ETL processes for interfaces
Work with HRIS colleagues throughout the entire software development lifecycle
Recommends changes to department plans based on trends, third-party vendor’s feedback, and independent research.
Represents the department in IT integration projects.
Makes proposals on procedural and policy changes for the company to increase efficiencies.
Advises on any changes or actions to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the team.
Informs management of recurring issues or when additional team training may be required.
Serves as a technical point-of-contact for assigned functional areas and assists subject matter experts.
Maintains system security setups, and creates new roles within HRIS systems and any additional systems used by interdependent departments ensuring access is given appropriately to new users based on security rights and needs.
Maintains and sets up new system configurations.
Provides ongoing assistance to users of HRIS systems, and assists with developing and delivering user training.
Ensures that required and necessary documentation is completed and properly maintained in order to provide substantiation and assist with future audits.
Develops and maintains standard and custom reports to meet the reporting requirements for all levels of the company, and ensures all reports are implemented in a timely manner using high quality data presented in a logical and understandable format.
Runs periodic audits with system setups and interfaced venders to ensure data consistency and accuracy.
Collaborates with team members and communicates relevant information to leadership.
Upholds the security and confidentiality of documents and data within area of responsibility.
Other duties as assigned.


Job Qualifications:
ALDI Acts Competencies:
Perform within ALDI Acts competencies as outlined below.


Collaborates and Cooperates with Team: Commits to and supports a collaborative and high-performing working environment with peers and managers.
Drives for Success: Seizes opportunities and proactively takes concrete actions to complete tasks. Goes the “extra mile” and persistently overcomes obstacles to improve outputs.
Focuses on the Customer: Seeks to understand underlying customer needs to create value. Drives the team to maintain focus on customers.
Focuses on Quality: Takes an efficient, analytical approach to solve problems or produce outputs in an accurate and timely manner. Ensures quality and accuracy of results.
Plans and Prioritizes: Sets priorities and organizes information in order to efficiently and effectively get the job done.


Job-specific Competencies:
Knowledge/Skills/Abilities


Gives attention to detail and follows instruction.
Prepares written materials to meet purpose and audience.
Develops and maintains positive relationships with internal and external parties.
Works cooperatively and collaboratively within a group.
Understands the history, strategy, organizational authority, interdependence of job duties, products, systems, and services of the company.
Ability to interpret and apply company policies and procedures.
Understands HRIS systems reporting capabilities and limitations.
Analyzes and resolves system issues.
Excellent knowledge of programming and best practices in T-SQL

Education and Experience:

Bachelor's Degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Human Resources or a related field required.
A minimum of 5 years of progressive experience in HRIS Systems required.
A minimum of 3 years of experience as a SQL Server developer preferred.
Or, a combination of education and experience providing equivalent knowledge.


Physical Requirements:


Work is performed in an office environment where a computer, telephone and other office equipment are used as needed to perform duties.
Regularly required to sit, reach, grasp, stand and move from one area to another.
Constantly and repeatedly use keyboard/mouse.
Occasionally required to push, pull, bend, lift and move up to 25 lbs.


Travel:


No travel required.

ALDI offers competitive wages and benefits, including:

401(k) Plan
Company 401(k) Matching Contributions
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
PerkSpot National Employee Discount Program

In addition, eligible employees are offered:

Medical, Prescription, Dental & Vision Insurance
Generous Vacation Time & 7 Paid Holidays
Up to 6 Weeks Paid Parental Leave at 100% of pay
Up to 2 Weeks Paid Caregiver Leave at 100% of pay
Short and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Life, Dependent Life and AD&D Insurance
Voluntary Term Life Insurance
Click here to learn more about the benefits ALDI has to offer


ALDI is committed to equal opportunity for all employees and applicants. As a proud Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE), we do not discriminate based on race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, religion, sex, sexual stereotyping, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, mental or physical disability, medical condition, genetic information, military or veteran status, pregnancy (which includes pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), or any other protected characteristic. Employment may be contingent upon ALDI's receipt of an acceptable and job-related drug test, motor vehicle report, and/or reference check, as applicable and permissible by law.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportAnsys is the global leader in engineering simulation. We empower the world’s most innovative companies to deliver transformational products to their customers. By offering the best and broadest portfolio of engineering simulation software solutions, we help our customers solve the most complex design challenges and engineer products limited only by imagination. Whether you are a software developer, product engineer, sales team member, or part of our corporate team, at Ansys we know that by embracing what makes us each unique, we become collectively better.


Summary / Role Purpose

IT professional with an understanding of financial business applications functionality and capabilities with the ability to develop detailed functional and technical design recommendations and configurations of business applications. The primary focus will be leveraging development experience with Oracle EBS R12 applications and interfaces to provide robust functionality and meet new requirements from the business. This role is responsible for the validation of business requirements and design approaches, basic and advanced system configuration, limited custom development, advanced report, and database query development focused on our core Financial Application environments. This role expected to work independently with moderate supervision and participate as a development resource in larger projects.


Key Duties and Responsibilities

Provide technical and functional support of the Oracle EBS R12 environment and resolve all business issues and challenges
Develop Oracle EBS R12 applications and interfaces to provide robust functionality and meet new requirements from the business.
Raising and monitoring Oracle Support Service Requests and managing patch application, when necessary.
Liaise with third-party/internal DBA’s and other development teams.
Deliver training to end users and new users.
Facilitate meetings with client representatives to identify and create functional requirements.
Facilitate meetings with development teams to document technical design requirements.
Meet with other members of the business to review completed functional specifications, technical specifications, and customizations.
Perform systems analysis and design activities
Performs advanced configuration, custom development, testing and documentation for enterprise business applications
Understands impact of technical problems and can communicate same to line management
Collaborates with other IT functions on complexity, and development effort required to meet business requirements
Performs root cause analyses and provides advanced end user support


Minimum Education/Qualifications

Associate degree
Minimum of 3 years of Oracle EBS R12 development experience
Functional and technical knowledge of all Oracle EBS R12 financials modules with emphasis on Order Management, Receivables, and General Ledger
Minimum of 3 years of demonstrated expertise in in database concepts, PL/SQL and SQL
Minimum of 1 year of experience integrating business systems
Experience in developing custom enhancements to business systems
Demonstrated ability working in collaborative team environments
Ability to identify and understand problems and/or issues and develop solutions
Ability to manage sub-project tasks, deliverables, and milestones
Ability to multitask and manage and support multiple projects
Strong organizational and analytical skills
Knowledge and understanding of ERP capabilities, tables, and development tools, including but not limited to: Oracle SQL Developer, Toad for Oracle, Microsoft Access


Preferred Qualifications and Skills

Bachelor’s degree is preferred
Good interpersonal and communication skills
Ability and willingness to learn
Ability to multi-task while managing deadlines, perform well under pressure, work independently and as a part of a team


ALIGNING YOUR VALUES TO OUR SOLUTIONS
At Ansys, our diverse, collaborative teams give us the strength and insight to solve the world’s most challenging engineering problems. Our ONE Ansys culture has at its core:

Customer Focus
Results and Accountability
Innovation
Transparency and Integrity
Mastery
Inclusiveness
Sense of Urgency
Collaboration and Teamwork



ENGINEERING YOUR CAREER AT ANSYS
At Ansys, you will find yourself among the sharpest minds and most visionary leaders across the globe. Collectively we strive to change the world with innovative technology and transformational solutions. With a prestigious reputation in servicing well-known, world-class companies, standards at Ansys are high – met by those willing to rise to the occasion and meet those challenges head-on. At Ansys, it’s about the learning, the discovery and the collaboration. It’s about the “what’s next” as much as the “mission accomplished.” And it’s about the melding of disciplined intellect with strategic direction and results that have, can and do impact real people in real ways. All this is forged within a working environment built on respect, autonomy and ethics.

At Ansys, you will find yourself among those eager to drive the world towards the next best thing with hands planted firmly on the wheel. Our team is passionate about pushing the limits of world-class simulation technology, empowering our customers to turn their design concepts into successful, innovative products faster and at lower cost. As a measure of our success in attaining these goals, Ansys has been recognized as one of the world's most innovative companies by prestigious publications such as Bloomberg Businessweek and FORTUNE magazines.

Ansys is an S&P 500 company and a member of the NASDAQ-100. We are proud to have been recognized for the following awards: Bay Area Best Places to Work, a Pillar World Awards Gold Winner, Fast Company Best Places to Work for Innovators, a Gold Stevie Award for Great Employers, the FORTUNE Future 50, a DCA Silver Winner, an R&D100 Finalist, a 20% by 2020 Women on Boards winner, a 2020 Pittsburgh Tech 50 – finalist, and America’s Most Responsible Companies.

For more information, please visit us at www.ansys.com


We are committed to creating a culture of inclusion and belonging where everyone thrives as ONE Ansys team.


Ansys is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.

Ansys does not accept unsolicited referrals for vacancies, and any unsolicited referral will become the property of Ansys. Upon hire, no fee will be owed to the agency, person, or entity.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less Java Developer

Brooksource

Fortune 50 Healthcare Client

Remote

Do you see your next career move taking you to a Fortune 50 healthcare company? Do you aspire to work in a dynamic, high-energy, agile environment? If you feel these words describe your ideal career opportunity, we may have the position for you!

Our client’s Technology Solutions team is seeking a Java Developer to work on their new Identity and Access Management platform. The Technology Solutions team has implemented ForgeRock as their new IAM tool with the goal to create a streamlined digital identity for their users. You will be responsible for using your Java knowledge to integrate ForgeRock with existing enterprise applications.

You will be contributing to their goal of improving the identity experience for all customers. To be successful in this role, you will need a strong knowledge of ForgeRock’s IAM platform, or a comparable IAM tool with the willingness to become ForgeRock certified. You will also need to have a strong understanding of Java development.

If you feel that you'd be a good fit, keep reading and apply!

Required Qualifications

1+ year of experience with Java Development
Experience working with ForgeRock (or a similar Identity and Access Management tool)
An understanding Cyber Security and IAM principles
Ability to complete ForgeRock training and become ForgeRock certified
Experience working in an Agile Scrum environment or good familiarity with the Agile methodologies
Bachelor's degree in Business, Information Technology, or a related field.
Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiences

ABOUT EIGHT ELEVEN:

At Eight Eleven, our business is people. Relationships are at the center of what we do. A successful partnership is only as strong as the relationship built. We’re your trusted partner for IT hiring, recruiting and staffing needs.

For over 16 years, Eight Eleven has established and maintained relationships that are designed to meet your IT staffing needs. Whether it’s contract, contract-to-hire, or permanent placement work, we customize our search based upon your company's unique initiatives, culture and technologies. With our national team of recruiters placed at 21 major hubs around the nation, Eight Eleven finds the people best-suited for your business. When you work with us, we work with you. That’s the Eight Eleven promise.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $40.00 - $45.00 per hour

Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus pay

Work Location: Remote

To apply to this job, click Easy Apply

Show Less Location: Amarillo, TX or Oak Ridge, TN
Job Title: Identity Access Management Developer
Career Level From: Associate
Career Level To: Senior Associate
Organization: Chief Technology Office (50992248)
Job Specialty: System Architecture
What You'll Do
A career at CNS can offer you the opportunity to make a personal impact on our nation. We recognize that excellent employees are absolutely critical for mission success, and to achieve that goal we are seeking a proven leader and experienced I&AM Solutions Architect to help improve and optimize our mission critical systems. We are looking for a proven leader with demonstrated success to apply expertise through technical design, solution development, and implementation on mission critical systems. Help protect our national security interests at Pantex and Y-12 and enjoy a career with a purpose!



The new Identity Management Team is tasked with owning identity as a core function. This team is looking for a Developer to join us on our journey in transitioning to a Zero Trust Architecture for Identity. You will work in a team focused on various aspects of identity management and be part of an extended team of architects and engineers driving digital transformation. Your day to day will include research, requirements gathering, design, development, testing, and maintenance of developed identity-focused integrations and custom solutions.



As part of an identity-focused team, you will be the primary developer of integrations and custom solutions. You will be the primary contact for developers and other stakeholders for requirements definition, design, and construction of custom solutions. Also, as part of this team, you will have opportunity to expand into other areas of identity management such as Directory Administration, Multi Factor Authentication, SSO, and Privileged Access Management. This is not a keep the lights on type of job ‚Äì this is an opportunity to shape the digital identity future in a large and complex enterprise. If you are looking for a place to continually learn, grow your skills, and lead game-changing efforts, this team is looking for you.



Core Responsibilities:
Development activities such as creating new workflows, application connections, APIs, and user interfaces
Participate in implementation of new features and integration scenarios within IAM environments
Proactively identifying future needs for IAM services
Identify gaps in identity controls and participate in cross functional teams in addressing those gaps
Help evangelize centralized identity authentication as we move toward greater adoption of SaaS, Azure, and other cloud applications
Create, review, analyze, and incorporate technical requirements into enterprise wide architectures
Establish policies and technical guidance for standards and implementation
Work within a team of identity-focused individuals to create solutions to advance the security and usability of digital identity within the enterprise
Work with an extended team of business functional owners, architects, operations, and support personnel to ensure that solutions are well formed to business needs, well-engineered, operable, supportable, and maintainable
Coordinate with cybersecurity professionals and continuously evaluate security implications of solutions, technologies, and processes
What You Can Expect
Meaningful work and unique opportunities to support missions vital to national and global security
Top-notch, dedicated colleagues
Generous pay and benefits with a stable organization
Career advancement and professional development programs
Work-life balance fostered through flexible work options and wellness initiatives
Minimum Job Requirements
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, CIS, MIS, Math or related field
OR Eight or more years of education and/or relevant experience may be considered to satisfy educational and years-of-experience requirements for this posting
One year of scripting, integrations, or software development
PowerShell scripting experience
Preferred Job Requirements
Experience with web servers, HTML, React, Angular, .net, or JavaScript
Ability to create, compose, and edit written materials
Ability to develop and deliver presentations
Ability to logically and systematically evaluate project and process problems to determine appropriate solutions
Exercises initiative and independent judgment and discretion under limited supervision
Ability to work independently and to work effectively as part of a group with diverse backgrounds and skills
Why Pantex and Y-12?
You get #morethanajob. We encourage employees to achieve a healthy personal balance among home, work and the community. One of the ways we embrace work-life balance is by offering flexible work arrangements that provide alternatives to the traditional workweek, while still meeting business needs. Top talent and personal commitment mean more to our success than any other factors, so we reward our people with the kinds of benefits that make a positive difference in the quality of their lives. Benefits such as: medical plan, prescription drug plan, vision plan, dental plan, employer matched 401(k) savings plan, disability coverage, education reimbursement and many more. Want to stay healthy and fit but hate the cost of a gym membership? Take advantage of one of our onsite workout facilities and eat healthy in our onsite cafeterias. Much more than a workplace, at Pantex and Y-12, you can build a career that lasts a lifetime.
Notes
The minimum education and experience for the lowest career level in the job posting range are listed under Minimum Job Requirements. Successful candidates hired into a higher career level than the minimum in the range must meet the requirements listed in the job leveling charts for the career level into which they are being hired.

If a range of Career Levels is posted, i.e., Senior Associate to Senior Specialist, internal applicants already in one of the Career Levels would come across at their current Career Level. Internal applicants currently in a lower level Career Level would move to the lowest posted Career Level.

Requires a Q clearance; however all qualified candidates will be considered regardless of their current clearance status. The ability to obtain and maintain a Department of Energy Q clearance is required.

Position may require entry into Materials Access Areas (MAA) and participation in the Human Reliability Program (HRP). If HRP is required, candidate must complete a counterintelligence-scope polygraph, pursuant to 10CFR 709. Medical requirements may apply.


CNS is a drug-free workplace. Candidates accepting a job offer will be required to pass a pre-placement physical, drug screening and background investigation. As an employee, you may be required to receive and maintain a security clearance from the United States Department of Energy in order to meet eligibility requirements for access to sensitive information or matter. U.S. citizenship is a requirement for security clearance applicants. All employees are subject to being randomly selected for drug testing without advance notification.

CNS is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, religion, national origin, ancestry, genetic information, disability or veteran status.

Show Less Liberty Career Finance, LLC sister company of Continental Finance, LLC is an entrepreneurial, growing financial services organization located in Wilmington, Delaware.





The Application Developer is part of an agile development team responsible for building and maintaining enterprise software systems in the financial services and retail installment loan space. This role will work closely with other team members and stakeholders to ensure that the development team delivers quality software solutions that meet the needs of the business and add business value.


***CFC offers a hybrid work schedule which includes three (3) core days in the office (Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday) and two (2) remote workdays (Monday and Friday)***


Essential Functions:

Design, code, test, debug, and support Web and Winform applications using a variety of Microsoft technologies, including .Net, C# and SQL Server as well as front-end frameworks such as MVC.Net and React.js.
Design and build serverless Web APIs and microservices to support front end applications.
Design, develop, and unit test applications in accordance with established standards.
Develop, refine, and tune integrations between applications. Analyze and resolve technical and application problems.
Support and maintain applications and systems currently in production.
Learn new technologies and keep abreast of existing technologies and apply these to a variety of projects as applicable. Research and evaluate a variety of software products to support business needs & initiatives.



The ideal candidate will have the following:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering from an accredited college or university; or equivalent education/experience in the computer science field or other related field of study.
Ideal candidate would have a minimum of 3 years of experience in enterprise application development utilizing Microsoft technologies; other relative experience may be considered.
Experience in the financial services industry, especially in accounting and retail installment lending.
Strong experience with C# programming language and/or other.NET languages
Knowledge of front-end development frameworks such as MVC, React.JS or Vue.JS
Knowledge of web service concepts (REST, JSON, XML).
Experience with serverless technologies in AWS a plus.
Knowledge of SQL Server technologies and experience developing database applications using SQL server.
Project management experience is a plus.
Ability to research and implement reporting tools
Experience analyzing and resolving technical issues.



Why Continental Finance?

Continental Finance Company (‚ÄúCFC‚Äù) is one of America‚Äôs leading marketers and servicers of credit cards for consumers with less-than-perfect credit. Since the Company‚Äôs founding in 2005, CFC has prided itself on its corporate responsibility to customers in terms of a strong customer support program, fair treatment, and responsible lending. With our success, we have also grown into an innovative financial tech company! With a state-of-the-art consumer underwriting, marketing, and servicing platform, we provide a variety of services to our consumers when other financial institutions will not accommodate them. We are proud to provide access to credit products and excellent services to consumers who are largely overlooked by traditional credit card issuers.


CFC is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. Our company provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or veteran status.


CFC is seeking bright, energetic individuals that will help us grow and develop together! We uphold a promise to treat our employees with the same care and concern as we do our customers. We offer all employees competitive compensation and benefits in an exciting, fast-paced business casual environment. Join our growing team and apply online today!


***CFC offers a hybrid work schedule which includes three (3) core days in the office (Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday) and two (2) remote workdays (Monday and Friday)***

Show Less REMOTE Golang Developer
If you are a REMOTE Golang Developer with experience, please read on!

Job Title: 100% REMOTE Golang Developer role
Job Location: REMOTE
Requirements: Experience working with Golang.

We are a cutting edge company that creates data management and storage solutions to address the issue of long-term digital preservation for businesses facing exponential data growth. The adoption of its solutions by leaders in numerous industries around the world shows our product and customer focus, which has been dedicated completely to storage innovation for 40 years. By developing innovative techniques for managing data in all types of storage, including archive, backup, cold storage, private cloud, and public cloud, we enable inexpensive, multi-decade data storage and access.
Top Reasons to Work with Us
100% Remote
Chance to work with cutting edge technology in the Data Space.
401k
Medical, Vision, Dental.
Strong PTO Package
What You Will Be Doing
You will be working on a product that helps ensure data lasts forever and is stored as efficiently as possible.
You will be working on thing such as robotics control, low-level hardware communication, webservices, and UI/UX
What You Need for this Position
Strong Experience with Golang.
Benefits
Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
Relocation
Bonus
401k
So, if you are a REMOTE Golang Developer with experience, please apply today!

Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.


CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
Show Less 
ReportREMOTE C++ Developer (Multithreading)
If you are a C++ Software Engineer ( Cloud Storage) with experience, please read on!

We are a cutting edge company that creates data management and storage solutions to address the issue of long-term digital preservation for businesses facing exponential data growth. The adoption of its solutions by leaders in numerous industries around the world shows our product and customer focus, which has been dedicated completely to storage innovation for 40 years. By developing innovative techniques for managing data in all types of storage, including archive, backup, cold storage, private cloud, and public cloud, we enable inexpensive, multi-decade data storage and access.
Top Reasons to Work with Us
Chance to work with cutting edge technology in the Data Space.
401k
Medical, Vision, Dental.
Strong PTO Package
What You Will Be Doing
You will be working on a product that helps ensure data lasts forever and is stored as efficiently as possible.
You will be using C++ to help work on an application that uses multi-cloud storage.
What You Need for this Position
C++
Cloud Storage
Data Storage
Benefits
Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
401k
Bonus
Relocation
So, if you are a C++ Software Engineer ( Cloud Storage) with experience, please apply today!

Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.


CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
Show Less 
ReportDeloitte Global is the engine of the Deloitte network. Our professionals reach across disciplines and borders to develop and lead global initiatives. We deliver strategic programs and services that unite our organization.

Work you'll do

In this interesting and diverse role, you'll be working with a team to complete development that enhances the client-user identity and access management solution and as well as other next generation IAM solutions including:

Work on unique Identity and Access Management projects that include but are not limited to Authentication and Authorization systems, Identity Lifecycle Management, and Identity Governance
Participate in projects and initiatives working with IAM team members, architectural, development and engineering teams, service owners, and business stakeholders to provide enterprise IAM solutions that are scalable and adaptable with the ever-changing business needs and industry demands.

The team

Deloitte Technology works at the forefront of technology development and processes to support and protect Deloitte around the world. In this truly global environment, we operate not in "what is" but rather "what can be" to help Deloitte deliver and connect with its clients, its communities, and one another in ways not previously conceived.

Qualifications

Advanced knowledge/experience with the following:

Full-stack development and administration
Java, JavaScript, JSP/Servlets; Node.js, Groovy is a plus
MSSQL, MySQL, Oracle database development
Windows and Linux system administration
PowerShell, Bash, and other command line interfaces
Client-server architecture
Comfort with Windows and Linux operating systems
Experience with Cloud Service Providers, such as Azure, AWS, or GCP
Preferred but not required: Identity Management familiarity in one or more of the following areas:
Single Sign On
Identity Federation
Enterprise Directory Architecture and Design
Resource Provisioning
Privileged Access Management
Multi-factor authentication
Identity Governance and Administration
4+ years' experience in developing systems or equivalent web-based applications/systems.
Participate in a 24x7x365 on-call rotation
Experience with troubleshooting issues and assisting to mitigate issues, including root cause analysis
Ability to travel as needed up to 10%

Other Qualifications:

BS/BA degree or equivalent experience

Our culture

At Deloitte Global people are valued and respected for who they are - with opportunities to bring their unique perspectives, talents and passions to business challenges. Our global workspace creates room for individuality and collaboration. Ours is an inclusive, supportive, connected culture with a focus on development, flexibility, and well-being. This culture makes Deloitte Global one of the most rewarding places to work, and to transform your career.

Professional development

From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe in investing in you, helping you identify and hone your unique strengths at every step of your career. We offer opportunities to build new skills, take on leadership opportunities, and connect and grow through mentorship. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career.

Benefits

At Deloitte, we value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Our Total Rewards program reflects our continued commitment to lead from the front in everything we do-that's why we take pride in offering a comprehensive variety of programs and resources to support your health and well-being.

#LI-Hybrid Hybrid work, remote may be an option

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less As an Identity and Access Management Engineer you will develop, and operate applications and processes that deliver the company Identity and Access Management initiatives supporting both internal and external teams. As a part of our Agile delivery team you will be responsible for planning, developing, executing, monitoring and maintaining our identity systems both internally developed and externally integrated. As a champion of security and identity, you will be responsible for ensuring our identity strategy and implementation meets the needs of our customers and industry & governmental standards. You should be at ease working in a fast-paced, collaborative environment in which developing and cultivating partnerships with multifunctional teams is key to long term success. A start-up mindset is required as we are always looking for creative ways to take on problems and increase the overall quality of our products.

Requirements

3+ years of experience with Identity and Access Management concepts such as authentication, authorization, multi-factor authentication, and federation
3+ years of experience with modern cloud languages and scripting, including Java
Experience with Identity as a Service solutions such as FusionAuth, Okta, Microsoft, One Login, and Ping
Strong understanding of federation technologies such as SAML, WS-FED, OAuth and OpenID Connect
Understanding of identity lifecycle management
Experience with cryptography, encryption and related data protection concepts and technologies.
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field

Why work for Eagle Eye Networks?

Eagle Eye Networks is an innovative, global start-up building the only platform powerful enough to support the future of video surveillance and security. Here your voice will be heard, and talent respected. We have proven leadership and financial backing of one of the world’s premier venture capital firms. The work we do is essential in today’s world, as our systems are used to protect the health, safety, and welfare of people and property around the world. Eagle Eye is a place where you can make a difference. Bring your passion, your drive, a roll-up- your- sleeves- and- get- it- done work ethic, and a collaborative mindset. Be ready to work hard and have fun. We also have great benefits and perks.

Medical Benefits: We offer a competitive medical/dental plan. Company offsets premiums.
401k Plan with company match
Taco Tuesday’s: Like breakfast tacos? You’re at the right place, because weekly breakfast tacos are provided.
Weekly Lunch: Food is love. Especially when it is free.
Snacks: You will never go hungry.
Culture: Innovation drives our vibe.
Diversity: We embrace our global presence, the diverse ideas and backgrounds of our team to improve our culture, our products and grow our people and our business.
Unlimited PTO: We value our employee’s work/life balance and want you to spend the time off you need to be with family and friends.

More About Eagle Eye Networks:

Eagle Eye Networks is leveraging artificial intelligence on its true cloud platform to dramatically reshape the video surveillance and security industry. The Eagle Eye Cloud Video Management System (VMS) is a smart cloud video surveillance solution, purpose-built to help businesses improve safety, security, operations, and customer service. Tens of thousands of companies in more than 90 countries around the globe have moved their video surveillance to the cloud with Eagle Eye VMS. Customers, including multi-family residences, smart cities, schools, hospitals, hotels, logistics, restaurants, and retail shops trust Eagle Eye for actionable business intelligence and proactive security across multiple locations. The Eagle Eye VMS has strong APIs for the secure integration of third-party systems and works with thousands of industry cameras, so customers don’t have to “rip and replace” their existing infrastructure. Eagle Eye Cloud VMS is the only platform robust enough to power the future of video surveillance.

Eagle Eye Networks is an equal employment opportunity employer and values diversity. Qualified candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age, military or veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Health savings account
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: One location

Show Less Company Summary

Join a team that puts its People First! Since 1889, First American (NYSE: FAF) has held an unwavering belief in its people. They are passionate about what they do, and we are equally passionate about fostering an environment where all feel welcome, supported, and empowered to be innovative and reach their full potential. Our inclusive, people-first culture has earned our company numerous accolades, including being named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list for seven consecutive years. We have also earned awards as a best place to work for women, diversity and LGBTQ+ employees, and have been included on more than 50 regional best places to work lists. First American will always strive to be a great place to work, for all. For more information, please visit www.careers.firstam.com.

Job Summary

Lead Identity and Access Management Developer (open to remote)

Summary

Come join the excitement of Cyber Security within one of Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work! In this position, you will assist in the creation, implementation, and/or management of applications as well as tasked with the strategic design and implementation of Identity Solutions. Prospective candidates should have in depth understanding of Identity & Access management, roles & entitlements management, design & implementation of large scale IAM solutions as well as cloud services. The Enterprise IAM Lead Developer will help drive the design, development and delivery of an IAM architecture team and related solutions to enhance First American’s capabilities. This role must have both strong technical and communication skills to fully contribute to the introduction of this new technology. The position will need to influence and communicate with customers from all sections of the enterprise – including end user, technical resources, IT leadership and other business leaders, as well as drive technical excellence through implementation. The development of strong governance and operating procedures, and the communication of these policies, is also required._
This position will deliver services that will form the backbone for user identity management throughout the enterprise, interacting with many critical business applications, both immediately and into the future. Participate in the design, development, coding, testing, debugging, and maintenance of software code for business applications. Responsible for middle-tier implementation and integration with backend databases. Work with technical staff to understand problems with software and develops specifications to resolve them.

Essential Functions

Strong understanding of Identity Management processes and best-practices and the ability to set enterprise wide standards and strategies
Participate in defining architecture and process standards for the identity management platform; contribute to ongoing evolution and development of IAM strategies, roadmaps and plans
Integrate IAM systems with in-house and third party applications for provisioning, identity authentication and systems resources authorization, developing connectors between IAM tools and systems resources
Work with application developers and IT operations to develop, test, roll out and maintain enterprise-wide IAM solutions and services
Lead quality control and quality assurance activities, such as developing and executing test plans / scripts and resolving deviations or exceptions, for newly developed and/or enhanced IAM solutions
Troubleshoot and resolve complex authentication, authorization and integration problems
Works with Project Managers and Business Analysts to produce project delivery estimates and manage the transition from analysis through to design and delivery
Required to perform duties outside of normal work hours based on business needs.


Knowledge and Skills/Technology Used

Familiarity with IAM solutions including ADFS, MIM and Cloud Services, SAML, OAuth, Active Directory, LDAP and others
Firm understanding of various web authentication & session management methodologies
Strong proficiency in cross-platform modern .NET and C++, with reasonable knowledge of current language paradigms (i.e. C++11, C++14)
Development, Programming/scripting experience with SQL, Perl, Java, or PowerShell. J2EE, Java, JavaScript experience a plus
Must have hands-on experience developing and deploying large-scale enterprise Identity & Access Management solutions
Experience with AWS and Azure Cloud computing frameworks, infrastructure, and application environments
Responsible for top-tier implementation and integration with backend databases
Has full technical knowledge of all phases of application programming
Define and split large architectural objectives into smaller incremental objectives
Troubleshoots and guides others on a wide variety of complex problems and identifies solutions within broad application and functional expertise

Education

Bachelor's Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience


Range of Experience

Minimum 2 years of technical architecture experience integrating identity and access management software into heterogeneous infrastructure and application portfolio.

Minimum 3 years of experience managing projects through the full system development lifecycle and directly related development experience

Previous supervisory experience is must, having experience working with distributed teams is preferred

LI-MD1

#TCORPIT

First American invests in its employees' development and well-being, empowers them to provide superior customer service and encourages them to serve the communities where they live and work. First American is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer.

Based on eligibility, First American offers a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401k, PTO/paid sick leave and other great benefits like an employee stock purchase plan.

Show Less Travel Required: None
Requisition Type: Regular

We are GDIT. The people supporting and securing some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country.

GDIT is seeking a IAM .NET/Oracle Application Developer to join our team supporting the U.S. Department of Energy’s (DOE 's) Office of Corporate Information Systems Operations and Maintenance (O&M) Support Services of their Corporate Business Systems (CBSOM). As a Senior Application Programmer, you will serve on a team of with cyber security and identity professionals to design and implement a digital identity and federated authentication solution for a suite of DOE business applications

Duties and responsibilities will include, but are not limited to:

Leverage knowledge of enterprise application authentication methods to implement application updates required to support the use of federated authentication and multi-factor authentication via SAML, Open Connect, or OAuth.
Serves as a member of project team that designs, develops, and integrates systems to ensure that account provisioning, authentication, and authorization meet federal authentication requirements as defined in the Presidential Cyber Executive Order 14028.
Works closely with application O&M resources to install, integrate, and optimize the federated authentication and authorization solution supporting the CBS application portfolio.
Serves as a technical SME for the Java/Oracle application integration of IAM technologies to include federated authentication and MFA provide via Ping Identity.
Assist in development, implementation, and testing of application code changes required to successfully integrate digital identity and federated authentication solutions
Supports the development and update of application configuration and end-user documentation to reflect the newly introduced federated authentication model
Works with Business Analyst and Cyber Architect to interpret Business Requirements into a Technical Solution
Designs, developments, and integrates complex solutions utilizing Oracle Identity and Access Management (IAM) and Ping Identity
Responsibilities include translating business requirements into software design specifications using standard design methodologies focused in OID, OUD, OIM, OAM and OAAM components
Collaborates with developers, system engineers, and software and/or business testers on system integration and end-to end testing
Works with other application developers and system engineers to define infrastructure requirements based on technical specifications

Minimum Requirements:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Software Engineering, Business, or other related discipline with 5 years of increasingly responsible and relevant experience in Oracle Access/Identity Management integration. Without a degree 9 years of relevant experience is required.
Deep understanding of managing user identities and user access to system resources based on IAM best practices, using SAML, OAuth, or OpenID Connect
3+ years’ experience in integrating and updating applications to support federated authentication and authorization, using Ping Identity or similar technology
Five (5) years of experience using JavaScript-based UI framework, JavaScript & JQuery, REST APIs, WCF, Oracle and SQL databases, and stored procedures
Experience in full software development life cycle (SDLC) including design, testing, deployment, documentation, and support activities
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, paired with the ability to express complex technical concepts effectively.
Must be able to work concurrently on multiple projects, adjust to changes in priorities, and respond efficiently and effectively to emergency situations.
Excellent problem solving, attention to detail, multitasking, communication, and complex troubleshooting skills.
Expertise with the development and support of web-based applications, service-oriented architecture, and database systems
Must be able to obtain and maintain a DOE Clearance and successfully pass a thorough Government background screening process requiring the completion of detailed forms and fingerprinting
US Citizenship

Desired Qualifications:

Previous Department of Energy experience.
Ability to analyze a range of business and functional requirements to recommend optimal solutions
Experience integrating applications with SharePoint or Office 365
Experience with Oracle Identity Management Suite (OIM, OAM, OUD, OPAM),
Experience with Oracle Enterprise applications (Oracle Federal Financials, Oracle Hyperion)
Experience with Microsoft DevOps
Experience with unit test development or test-driven development

WHAT GDIT CAN OFFER YOU:

Full-flex work week
401K with company match
Internal mobility team dedicated to helping you own your career
Collaborative teams of highly motivated critical thinkers and innovators
Ability to make a real impact on the world around you

Not sure this job’s the one for you? Check out our other openings at gdit.com/careers.

Do you have a friend or colleague this posting describes? Let them know about the opportunity by clicking “Share.”

The likely salary range for this position is $100,000 - $150,000, this is not, however, a guarantee of compensation or salary; rather, salary will be set based on experience, geographic location and possibly contractual requirements and could fall outside of this range.

View information about benefits and our total rewards program.





About Our Work

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

COVID-19 Vaccination

GDIT does not have a vaccination mandate applicable to all employees. To protect the health and safety of its employees and to comply with customer requirements, however, GDIT may require employees in certain positions to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Vaccination requirements will depend on the status of the federal contractor mandate and customer site requirements.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less This position will work as an IT Identity and Access Management Developer in the company's Information Security and Compliance area and provide expertise in the analysis, development, implementation and monitoring of identity lifecycle management and user access provisioning.
Identity Access Management Developer will work collaboratively across the organization and other solution partners to design, develop and integrate an Identity and Access Management solution for an enterprise-wide solution. IAM developer is responsible for the technical aspects of implementing a wide range of access tasks development, implementation, and configuration, IT administration, access provisioning, de-provisioning, and monitoring, registering new users, and other related tasks.

Duties and Responsibilities
Be well-versed and hands-on experience with SailPoint IdentityNow product’s usage and functionality
Develop and deploy new IAM services in SailPoint IdentityNow platform
Develop and test code to deliver functionality that meets the overall business strategy and objectives
Collaborate with internal and external teams to integrate applications, databases and systems
Collaborate with the stakeholders and team members to translate business requirements into IAM technical solutions
Generate technical specifications and associated documentation
Good grasp of application security concepts and data platforms
Recommend improvements, corrections, remediation for associated projects or current internal processes
Engineer solutions to ensure that IAM solutions and services perform according to defined processes, meet defined policies, and comply with information security requirements
Integrate IAM systems with in-house and third-party applications for provisioning, identity authentication, developing connectors between IAM tools and systems resources, and system resource authorization
Evaluate, develop and implement secure IAM solutions, based on approved enterprise security architectures
Develop access request workflows based on customers’ requirements
Lead initiative to drive role-based approach and automation for manual application provisioning.
Develop workflows to handle ad hoc Audit requests thru the SailPoint Governance Recertification for ITGC and other internal/external audits. Manage source code and builds for compliance reporting.
Performs quality assurance architecture and design guide review; defects or discrepancies in requirements identified and resolved with appropriate partners.
Supports IT system administrators’ issue resolution for related systems and processes.
Conducts unit test case development, conducts impact analysis, develops component design and performs functional/system integration testing support.
Excellent communication skills, both verbally and in written form in a clear, concise and professional manner, and extensive interface experience working with IT and other departments.
Assist with troubleshooting any issues faced in the system. Coordinate operational activities amongst multiple groups of technical stakeholders.
Stay current on technology and industry technology trends.
Ensure that key processes are documented, reviewed at least annually for accuracy and improvement opportunities, and followed, as appropriate.
Scope (Required)
Staff supervision and development — No
Decision making- Drafts policy documents and resolves problems, Provides data for decision support
Travel – Less than 10%
Location— Corporate Local

Requirements

Education (Required)
Bachelor’s Degree Preferred in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field.
Knowledge, Skills, Abilities (Preferred / Desired)
Requirements: IAM developer should have a strong understanding of a wide range of programming languages, including JSON and Java.
A strong understanding of multiple applications’ provisioning and account maintenance such as Active Directory (LDAP), Azure, Oracle and 2FA.
Some knowledge of databases (i.e. Oracle, Sybase, MSSQL, MySQL).
Familiarity with RBAC is a plus.
Must have strong collaboration skills, diagnostic, testing and problem-solving skill.
Understanding of complex IT Security integration including Identity Management.
Demonstrate Business Process Design understanding.
Strong analytical, statistical, and problem-solving skills.
Ability to utilize judgment in decision-making process and decisions related to job tasks
Process, procedure, and standards development experience
Good customer service skills and a “can do” attitude.
Good ability to collaborate with other team members.
Strong ability to take initiative to get tasks and projects completed successfully.
Strong analytical skills, to analyze security requirements and relate them to appropriate security controls.
After hours work will be required at designated intervals.

Experience (Required)
6+ years of Identity Manager Scripting & Development on Sailpoint or a similar product or system.
6+ years of experience and understanding of VB scripting and PowerShell scripting with the following programming languages a plus: Java, BeanShell/JavaScript, JSON (JavaScript Object Notation), flat files and APIs.
6+ years-Experience with IDM Tools.
6+ Experience with Project Management duties (project planning, resource management, scope, schedule and status, documentation).
6 + Experience with QA duties is a plus (usability testing, performance testing, automated testing, test scripts, test cases and test plans).
6+ years’ tech experience/ direct experience in a similar position or related field.



About Harbor Freight Tools

In 1977, Harbor Freight Tools was started as a small family-owned business. We made a commitment to provide working people with great quality tools at the lowest prices. And for over 43 years, Harbor Freight Tools has done just that. From hand tools and generators, to air and power tools, from shop equipment to automotive tools, Harbor Freight offers more than 5,000 tools and accessories at quality levels that match or exceed competing brands, but at prices that are up to 80% less. All while developing and launching over 1,000 new tools each year. We're not your typical retailer. We're a team of high-achievers, who have a passion for excellence and continuous improvement and obsess about getting things done. We're also equally committed to doing the right thing and giving back to our community. And for us, collaboration is the golden rule. We're a 43 year-old, $5 billion company with over 1,100 stores, opening 2-3 new stores a week with over 40 million loyal customers and growing. If you are looking for a not so ordinary and highly rewarding career opportunity, we would love to talk with you. Delivering Value to the Hardworking Since 1977.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less Position Description

The Front End Developer is responsible for creating client-facing data-visualization dashboards and course management tools in collaboration with the Operations, Curriculum, Production, and Marketing teams using JavaScript, React, and Python. You will also be working on cutting-edge interactive experiences related to course content and occasional custom UI development and front-end WordPress and Drupal development. While working with the UI/UX Designer and other members of the external education team, the Front End Developer will work to enhance and optimize the majority of our user-facing systems.


The Front End Developer shall have an opportunity to make a difference in shaping a unique education experience. The ideal candidate should feel comfortable working in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment and be excited to contribute to a small team of developers and designers.


Job duties include:

Collaborate with the team to conceptualize and prototype UI/UX enhancements
Apply knowledge of CSS, HTML5, JS, WordPress, and Drupal, to develop engaging user experiences
Support and develop a React and TypeScript data visualization and course management web application
Build rapid iterations of proposed development alterations
Deploy code to a production environment
Version control of all code and assets
Assist the UI/UX team in understanding limitations, possibilities, or best practices
Assist with user testing, automated testing, and QA testing of code and or designs, as needed
Utilize custom backend services in front-end development

Basic Qualifications

Minimum of two years’ post-secondary education or relevant work experience

Additional Qualifications and Skills

Knowledge of information technology applications, processes, software, and equipment
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills
Experience with coding languages such as SQL, Python, and PHP
Comfortability with learning new technologies and efficiently transferring knowledge to others
Demonstrated team performance skills, service mindset approach, and the ability to act as a trusted advisor
Experience working on multiple projects simultaneously
Ability to meet deadlines and work cooperatively in a collaborative team

Additional Information

This position is based in Boston, but the work may be done fully or primarily remote. Any remote work must be performed in a state in which Harvard is registered to do business (CA*, CT, GA, IL, MA, MD, ME, NH, NJ, NY, RI, VA, VT, and WA). Individual flexible and remote work options for this role will be discussed during the interview process. *Note: Harvard employees working in California must be exempt.

The University requires all Harvard community members to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and remain up to date with COVID-19 vaccine boosters, as detailed in Harvard’s Vaccine & Booster Requirements. Individuals may claim exemption from the vaccine requirement for medical or religious reasons. More information regarding the University’s COVID vaccination requirement, exemptions, and verification of vaccination status may be found at the University’s “COVID-19 Vaccine Information” webpage: http://www.harvard.edu/coronavirus/covid-19-vaccine-information/.

Please note that we are currently conducting a majority of interviews and onboarding remotely and virtually. We appreciate your understanding.

Harvard University offers an outstanding benefits package including:
Time Off: 3 - 4 weeks paid vacation, paid holiday break, 12 paid sick days, 12.5 paid holidays, and 3 paid personal days per year.
Medical/Dental/Vision: We offer a variety of excellent medical plans, dental & vision plans, all coverage begins as of your start date.
Retirement: University-funded retirement plan with full vesting after 3 years of service.
Tuition Assistance Program: Competitive tuition assistance program, incredibly affordable classes directly at the Harvard Extension School, and discounted options through participating Harvard grad schools.
Transportation: Harvard offers a 50% discounted MBTA pass as well as additional options to assist employees in their daily commute.
Wellness options: Harvard offers programs and classes at little or no cost, including stress management, massages, nutrition, meditation, and complementary health services.
Harvard access to athletic facilities, libraries, campus events, and many discounts throughout metro Boston.
The Harvard Medical School is not able to provide visa sponsorship for this position.

Job Function

Information Technology

Location

USA - MA - Boston

Job Code

I0757P Applications Professional III

Sub-Unit

-

Department

External Education

Time Status

Full-time

Salary Grade

057

Union

00 - Non Union, Exempt or Temporary

Pre-Employment Screening

Identity

Commitment to Equity, Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging

We are committed to cultivating an inclusive workplace culture of faculty, staff, and students with diverse backgrounds, styles, abilities, and motivations. We appreciate and leverage the capabilities, insights, and ideas of all individuals.Harvard Medical School Mission and Community Values

EEO Statement

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Show Less Introduction
At IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk.

Your Role and Responsibilities

Position starts in January 2023

START AND END DATES FOR THIS POSITION ARE JANUARY TO AUGUST 2023 (Candidates will work part-time from January through May (20 hours per week remote work allowed), full-time through summer, (40 hours per week), but will be required to work onsite from May-August of this co-op.

When working in this abstract, fast pace and continuously changing tech world, resilience, commitment, and curiosity serve as the foundation for success as an IBM Developer.

You will participate in many aspects of the software development lifecycle, such as design, code implementation, testing, and support. You will work to create software that is of high quality and meets our clients' needs. You will also have the opportunity to become a contributor within Open Source communities across multiple disciplines.

In your role, you will be supported by mentors and coaches who will encourage you to challenge the norm, investigate ideas outside of your role, and come up with creative solutions resulting in ground-breaking impact for the wider business, our external clients, & their customers. Our culture of flexibility and freedom are pillars that embrace long-term career growth and learning opportunities in an environment that highlights your unique skills and experience.

As a Backend Developer Intern, you will:
Knowledge working with client-server architectures, networking protocols, application development, and using databases.
Create Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) that are clean, well-documented, and easy to use.
Design and code servers, services, applications, and databases that are reusable, scalable, and meet critical architecture goals.
Have an understanding of, or experience with, Agile development methodology.
Create and configure Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) applications. Design and implement large scale systems and Service Oriented Architectures (SOA) that enable continuous delivery.

Who You Are:
Highly motivated and have a passion for creating and supporting great products.
Thrive on collaboration, working side by side with people of all backgrounds and disciplines, and you have very strong verbal and written communication skills.
Great at solving problems, debugging, troubleshooting, designing, and implementing solutions to complex technical issues.
Have a basic understanding of software development and programming languages.
Have the ability to learn new skills quickly and use the skills efficiently.
For more information on our Developer roles as well as other Entry Level opportunities, please visit here.


Required Technical and Professional Expertise

Must have basic knowledge in one or more of the following technology areas: C++, C, Java, Ruby, Python, Perl, SQL
Knowledge working with servers, applications and databases
Familiarity with APIs
Basic knowledge of operating systems and how they work (i.e. Operating systems courses); Container technologies; Internet Services; and/or Managed Services

Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise

Must have minimum of 3 months experience in one or more of the following technology areas: C++, C, Java, Ruby, Python, Perl, SQL
Must have minimum of 3 months experience with APIs

About Business Unit
IBM‚Äôs Cloud and Cognitive software business is committed to bringing the power of IBM‚Äôs Cloud and Watson/AI technologies to life for our clients and ecosystem partners around the world. IBM provides you with the most comprehensive and consistent approach to development, security and operations across hybrid environments‚Äîwith complete software solutions for business and IT operations, development, data science, security, and management. Our experts and software capabilities help organizations develop applications once and deploy them anywhere, integrate security across the breadth of their IT estate, and automate operations with management visibility. With IBM, you also have access to new skills and methods, governance and management approaches, and a deep ecosystem of industry experts and partners.

This job requires you to provide your COVID-19 vaccination status with supporting documentation, where legally permissible.

Your Life @ IBM
Are you craving to learn more? Prepared to solve some of the world's most unique challenges? And ready to shape the future for millions of people? If so, then it's time to join us, express your individuality, unleash your curiosity and discover new possibilities.

Every IBMer, and potential ones like yourself, has a voice, carves their own path, and uses their expertise to help co-create and add to our story. Together, we have the power to make meaningful change ‚Äì to alter the fabric of our clients, of society and IBM itself, to create a truly positive impact and make the world work better for everyone.

It's time to define your career.

About IBM
IBM‚Äôs greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.

Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we‚Äôre also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business.

At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it‚Äôs time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.

Location Statement
Supplemental 1 employees may be eligible for paid holidays, paid sick time and Employee Stock Purchase Plan.

IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.

We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.

Being You @ IBM
IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less JOB DESCRIPTION

An employer is looking for a remote IAM Platform Developer. The client is an enterprise grocery store chain, and the Developer will be responsible for helping the team build the IAM Platform for the client while working on a distributed Agile team. This platform provides secure, consistent, and standardized IAM capabilities for multiple personas (customers, vendors, developers) for lines of business across the organization. This platform will be integrated with other personas (associate) as well as other identity providers (Google, Apple, etc.). The team is made up of 4-5 Developers, mostly backend developers. Additionally, Level 3 support will be required-the team has a support rotation in place.

The client's Customer Identity and Access Management platform team is migrating the client's customers from Custom IdP to Azure AD B2C. They have 65M+ accounts they are migrating. The team will enable state of the art CIAM features as: Multi-factor authentication, new device detection, passwordless authentication, step up auth, Single Sign On, and more. The CIAM team supports internal development teams such as the iOS and Android to teach them how to onboard into B2C flows as well as implement OAuth best practices.

Key Responsibilities:
Contribute to the architecture, design, and implementation of Kroger's IAM Platform
Implement designs and work through QA process
Maintain and continue to implement enhancements on existing features
Participate in On-call Support Rotation
Cross organization collaboration to resolve consumer's needs


MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS

5+ years' overall experience

Strong Azure AD B2C Custom Policies experience (expert-level is ideal)

Experience with Terraform

Experience with Authorization Framework/Specifications such as OAuth2, OIDC, SAML, Single Sign-On solutions and experience with OAuth flows

Experience with Node.js or willingness to learn

Experience with other Azure-related services including Azure app insights and front door)

Understanding of different access control systems:
Role based access control (RBAC)
Attribute based access control (ABAC)
Context based access control (CBAC)
Policy based Access Control (PBAC)
Risk Aware based Access Control (R-ABAC)

DESIRED SKILLS

Experience with Okta or similar IAM SaaS a plus

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less Company Overview:
Integrated Data Services (IDS) is a leading provider of custom software products and Government financial management services. IDS was founded in 1997 in El Segundo, CA, and since that time has seen tremendous growth and success. Currently IDS has offices supporting customers nationwide. By providing customers with fast, efficient, and reliable information systems and support services, IDS has become a preferred provider of financial and programmatic systems, services, and solutions across a wide variety of government agencies.


Position Description:
IDS is seeking Front End Developers with a strong understanding of modern web development, Singe Page App development, TypeScript, and Angular. You will be working on a fully remote team developing modern web applications. We are looking for somebody who is a confident problem solver and is comfortable applying technology to complex business domains.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following:


Write client-side code for responsive web-based applications, applying modern best practices.
Contribute to the design and delivery of customer-driven requirements.
Collaborate with fellow developers, designers, and analysts to solve problems.
Create and improve existing reusable libraries.

Knowledge and Skills:


This position requires a minimum of five (5) years of experience developing web applications using Angular, AngularJS, or equivalent technologies.
This position requires a minimum of two (2) years of experience with TypeScript.
Experience with deploying/maintaining containerized applications in AWS (Fargate, EKS, Kubernetes) preferred.
Experience with continuous integration tools (e.g., Jenkins, Artifactory), dependency automation (e.g., npm, Gradle), and version control systems (Git) is preferred.
Experience with server-side development (Java, Spring, Oracle PL/SQL) is preferred.
Candidate should have a good understanding of the current state of modern web application development.
Candidate should have a disciplined approach to testing and quality assurance.

Education and Work Experience:


This position requires a minimum of a Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in information technology, computer science, mathematics, accounting, economics or other related discipline.
Experience in lieu of education may be considered if the individual has seven (7) or more years of relevant experience.

Physical & Mental Qualifications:


Must be able to sit, type, hear, see, and speak for extended periods of time.
Must consistently work and type on a computer for prolonged periods of time.
Must be able to able to communicate accurate information and ideas so others will understand.
Must be able to lift/carry at least 15 lbs.
May be required to move about inside an office to access file cabinets, office supplies, etc.

Security Clearance:


Applicants selected for employment may be subject to a Federal background investigation and may need to meet additional eligibility requirements for access to classified information or materials.

Travel:


Some travel may be required.

Salary Range:


Commensurate with experience.

IDS offers a robust benefits package including employer paid health, dental, vision, disability, AD&D and life insurance plans. IDS also offers a variety of elective plans including flexible spending accounts, voluntary life insurance, and supplemental insurance plans. Employee benefits become effective the first of the month following start date of employment unless starting on the 1st of the month. IDS offers generous PTO accruals as well as a 401(k) 3% safe harbor contribution upon eligibility. IDS also offers generous employee referral bonuses.
IDS is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, creed, age, sex, gender, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, ancestry, pregnancy, perceived pregnancy, medical condition, marital status, familial status, color, religion, uniformed services, veteran status, national origin, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected under local, state or Federal law. A submission of a resume is an expression of interest and not considered an application.
For more information, visit www.get-integrated.com.


\*\*U.S. citizenship is required; H1-B visas and other visas are not being sponsored. Relocation expenses are NOT compensated. All jobs are employer paid; no fees to candidates. Third parties or agencies inquiries are not being accepted.\*\*
#IDS


Job Type: Full-time


Show Less We are a progressive development team within the firm working on technology at a scale that is seldom found elsewhere in the world. We use agile methodologies in our development practices and believe that great software is developed through ongoing thoughtful conversation as opposed to a big upfront design. We are building a technically diverse ecosystem using a mixture of Vendor Products, Custom In house built solutions, Graph DB's, Relational DB's, NoSQL db's, and combining it all through a managed services layer. We're looking for true technologists who are driven by the desire to learn and push the boundaries of technology.

Responsibilities:

This will require an understanding of requirements, operating models, business flows and data and then partnering with technical specialists to deliver appropriate solutions. There is an implicit ownership and accountability for the solution working as intended.

The ideal candidate is a results-oriented hands-on leader who can handle many different roles such as

Partnering with key stakeholders to identify the solutions that meet their needs,
Onboard applications in SailPoint IdentityIQ which includes analyzing the authorization model of the application and identify the account/access metadata that needs to be aggregated and provisioned,
Build and configure SailPoint IdentityIQ connectors for automated data collection and automated provisioning,
Design and development of SDK/toolkit to build components required for configuring SailPoint IdentityIQ connectors efficiently,
Design and development of enterprise workflows, forms and reusable rules, tasks and reports within SailPoint IdentityIQ to support wide range of applications and functionalities,
Develop API Services to handle access policies, access requests and integrate with external applications,
Work closely with business analyst, quality assurance, and project management resources throughout delivery of solutions,
Collaborate cross functionality with infrastructure, support, and other software engineering teams
Providing direction for testing of new functionality
Collaborating with business users and technology partners at all levels

Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in Information Science / Information Technology, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, or a related field
7+ years of experience in Information Technology experience with primary focus on Identity and Access Management.
7+ years of relevant work experience related to software development, system engineering, IT architecture and production support
5+ years of experience in design and development of SailPoint IdentityIQ functionality such as configuring workflows, forms, rules, roles, custom tasks and reports.
5+ years of experience in building out-of-box connectors and custom connectors for SailPoint IdentityIQ or any other IAM solution.
Exposure to or experience with LDAP, Active Directory, Unix and Mainframe operating systems like ACF2, RACF etc.
Experience with major databases such as Oracle, SQL Server, Sybase, DB2 etc.
Experience in programming languages like Java, Beanshell, C/C++, PL/SQL etc.
Strong knowledge of RESTful Web Services, JDBC technologies, JSON, HTML, XML, maven, Eclipse IDE, GIT/Subversion.
Ability to lead in a matrixed organizational structure
Demonstrated self-starter with good judgment and resourcefulness
Excellent customer service attitude, communication skills (written and verbal), and interpersonal skills, skills in dealing with a diverse population.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.
Ability to make timely and sound decisions.
Ability to work independently and in a team based environment.

JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.

The health and safety of our colleagues, candidates, clients and communities has been a top priority in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. JPMorgan Chase was awarded the "WELL Health-Safety Rating" for all of our 6,200 locations globally based on our operational policies, maintenance protocols, stakeholder engagement and emergency plans to address a post-COVID-19 environment.

As a part of our commitment to health and safety, we have implemented various COVID-related health and safety requirements for our workforce. Employees are expected to follow the Firm's current COVID-19 or other infectious disease health and safety requirements, including local requirements. Requirements include sharing information including your vaccine card in the firm's vaccine record tool, and may include mask wearing. Requirements may change in the future with the evolving public health landscape. JPMorgan Chase will consider accommodation requests as required by applicable law.

We offer a competitive total rewards package including base salary determined based on the role, experience, skill set, and location. For those in eligible roles, discretionary incentive compensation which may be awarded in recognition of individual achievements and contributions. We also offer a range of benefits and programs to meet employee needs, based on eligibility. These benefits include comprehensive health care coverage, on-site health and wellness centers, a retirement savings plan, backup childcare, tuition reimbursement, mental health support, financial coaching and more. Additional details about total compensation and benefits will be provided during the hiring process.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future

Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future

Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you‚Äôll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.

ManTech's Federal Health Group is seeking a fulltime JAVA J2EE Application Developer with a working knowledge of Agile. The working schedule will be Monday thru Friday, 9:00AM-5:00PM/ET. This is a fully remote opportunity. The successful candidate will be expected to develop, code, test, and debug new software or enhancements. They will work with technical staff to resolve software problems, resolve customer complaints with software and respond to suggestions for software modifications or enhancements. At times they may be involved in the development of software user manuals and demonstrate software to our customer.

Primary Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

Provides application software development services or technical support typically in a defined project.

Develops program logic for new applications or analyzes and modifies logic in existing applications.

Codes, tests, debugs, documents, implements, and maintains software applications.

Analyzes requirements, and maintains, tests, and integrates application components.

Ensures that system improvements are successfully implemented.

Builds knowledge of the company, processes, and customers.

Analyses and provide possible solutions using standard procedures.

Understands key business drivers; uses this understanding to accomplish own work.

No supervisory responsibilities but may provide guidance to new associates.

Solves standard problems by analyzing possible solutions using experience, judgment, and precedents.

Impacts quality of own work and the work of others on the team; works within guidelines and policies.

Explains information to others in straightforward situations.

Basic Qualifications:

Requires Bachelor‚Äôs degree in a Technical or Information Technology (IT) field of study.

Minimum of 5 years of relevant application development experience required with degree.

Minimum of 8 years of experience may be substituted for relevant experience ‚ÄúOR‚Äù in lieu of Bachelor‚Äôs degree.

Must have knowledge in all the following:

Java J2EE Development

AWS Microservices

Java Spring

Oracle

Kubernetes

Docker

Preferred Qualifications:

Prior experience utilizing Agile methodologies while supporting a Federal Health Agency such as Department of Veteran Affairs or Defense Health Agency.

Motivated self-starter attitude with great time management skills and ability to prioritize work to meet project deadlines.

Ability to communicate status of work updates effectively and efficiently; issues or challenges; as well as provide great communication to program leaders or customer.

Ability to work in a cross functional team environment and provide team assistance as applicable to this position.

Security Clearance Requirements:

Ability to obtain and maintain a Public Trust clearance, must have suitable/interim clearance prior to start.

Physical Requirements:

The person in this position will constantly operate a computer and other office productivity machinery, such as a copy machine and computer printer.

The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers which may involve delivering presentations. Must be able to exchange effective and accurate information in these situations.

The person in this position must be able to inspect, observe and assess written technical plans, manuals, presentations, etc.

The projected compensation range for this position is $74,800-$86,500. There are differentiating factors that can impact a final salary/hourly rate, including, but not limited to, Contract Wage Determination, relevant work experience, skills and competencies that align to the specified role, geographic location (For Remote Opportunities), education and certifications as well as Federal Government Contract Labor categories. In addition, ManTech invests in it‚Äôs employees beyond just compensation. ManTech‚Äôs benefits offerings include, dependent upon position, Health Insurance, Life Insurance, Paid Time Off, Holiday Pay, Short Term and Long Term Disability, Retirement and Savings, Learning and Development opportunities, wellness programs as well as other optional benefit elections.

For all positions requiring access to technology/software source code that is subject to export control laws, employment with the company is contingent on either verifying U.S.-person status or obtaining any necessary license. The applicant will be required to answer certain questions for export control purposes, and that information will be reviewed by compliance personnel to ensure compliance with federal law. ManTech may choose not to apply for a license for such individuals whose access to export-controlled technology or software source code may require authorization and may decline to proceed with an applicant on that basis alone.

ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future

Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you‚Äôll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.

Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Azure Application Developer to join our team for Remote work that allows 100% Teleco mmuting and working from home anywhere in the United States!

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to :

Using Microsoft platform technologies (ASP.NET Web API) and Azure, design, build and modify existing business-tier components, Web applications, and database objects
If necessary, create prototypes to validate proposed ideas and solicit input from stakeholders
Excellent grasp of and expertise with test-driven development and continuous integration processes
Analysis and Design ‚Äì Converts high-level design to low-level design and implements it
Collaborate with Team Leads to define/clarify business requirements, estimate development costs, and finalise work plans
Run unit and integration tests on all created code ‚Äì Create and run unit and integration tests throughout the development lifecycle
Benchmark application code proactively to prevent performance and scalability concerns
Collaborate with the Quality Assurance Team on issue reporting, resolution, and change management
Support and Troubleshooting ‚Äì Assist the Operations Team with any environmental issues that arise during application deployment in the Development, QA, Staging, and Production environments
Assist other teams in resolving issues that may develop as a result of applications or the integration of multiple
Development using Agile Scrum methodologies.
Knowledge of SAFe

Basic Qualifications:

Experience with software development on Linux based systems.

Understanding of design concepts and architectural basics
Knowledge of performance engineering
Understanding of quality processes and estimate methods
The ability to transform functional and nonfunctional needs into system requirements.
The ability to develop and code complicated applications is required.
The ability to create test cases and scenarios based on specifications.
Solid knowledge of SDLC and agile techniques
Knowledge of current technology and trends
Logical thinking and problem-solving abilities, as well as the capacity to collaborate
Primary skills: Cloud Platform->Azure Developer->Microsft Azure/PAAS

Requires 3 to 5 years or more of related experience in software development. Preferred: Bachelor‚Äôs degree (in Computer Science or related field) or equivalent.

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with Web Applications, Web Services

Experience with Relational databases (Oracle or PostgreSQL)

Experience with Linux Systems

Security Clearance Requirements:

Applicants MUST HAVE an active TOP SECRET

Physical Requirements:

Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50%.

Needs to occasionally move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office machinery, etc.

Constantly operates a computer and other office productivity machinery, such as a calculator, copy machine and computer printer.

Often positions self to maintain computers in the lab, including under the desks and in the server closet.

Frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations. Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations.

May be asked to move Audio/Visual or Computer equipment weighing up to 50 pounds across and/or around a business campus or large facility.

The projected compensation range for this position is $67,300-$85,000. There are differentiating factors that can impact a final salary/hourly rate, including, but not limited to, Contract Wage Determination, relevant work experience, skills and competencies that align to the specified role, geographic location (For Remote Opportunities), education and certifications as well as Federal Government Contract Labor categories. In addition, ManTech invests in it‚Äôs employees beyond just compensation. ManTech‚Äôs benefits offerings include, dependent upon position, Health Insurance, Life Insurance, Paid Time Off, Holiday Pay, Short Term and Long Term Disability, Retirement and Savings, Learning and Development opportunities, wellness programs as well as other optional benefit elections.

For all positions requiring access to technology/software source code that is subject to export control laws, employment with the company is contingent on either verifying U.S.-person status or obtaining any necessary license. The applicant will be required to answer certain questions for export control purposes, and that information will be reviewed by compliance personnel to ensure compliance with federal law. ManTech may choose not to apply for a license for such individuals whose access to export-controlled technology or software source code may require authorization and may decline to proceed with an applicant on that basis alone.

ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less Terrific Long-Term Contract Opportunity with a FULL suite of benefits!
Come work for this award-winning retirement and global asset management leader, helping people and businesses navigate a wide range of financial products and services, including retirement, investment services and insurance.

Position: Senior Software Engineer (Remote)
Location: Des Moines, IA 50392 - Remote
Term: 6 months
Day-to-Day Responsibilities:
Independently conducts analysis and development, requirements, coding, automated testing, debugging, designing, documentation, quality assurance review, implementation, and maintenance.
Understand and make well-reasoned design decisions and trade-offs.
Demonstrate independence working in more than one software development layer of the solution.
Participate in technical design of features.
Some travel may be required, including overnight stays.
May be required to provide on-call support.
Comply with a Code of Ethics which covers a number of obligations related to personal and business conduct as well as personal trading activities for you and members of your household. These same requirements may also apply to other positions across the organization.
Is this a good fit? (Requirements):
Associate's or bachelor's degree (in a computer science, technology, engineering or math-related field or equivalent experience).
6+ years of work experience or equivalent experience.
3+ years of professional software engineering experience in HTML, CSS and/or front-end JavaScript
Proven experience as an IT professional.
Excellent planning, organizational, problem-solving, analytical, decision-making and communication skills.
Proficiency with database applications, knowledge of mainframe, distributed and/or web programming language.
Basic leadership and presentation skills.
Able to maintain a high degree of accuracy and confidentiality.
Desire to learn new technology and continuously grow.
Ability to work on cross-functional teams and collaborate with both IT and non-IT partners.
Technologies:
Drupal theming and configuration.
Atomic Design/design systems.
Jest/Nightwatch.js.
Node.
CI/CD tooling, examples include CircleCI and GitHub Actions.
Cloud platforms, examples include Pantheon and AWS.
Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1.
Even better if you have:
Experience theming and supporting a content management system.
Informal leadership/mentorship.
Experience with Drupal 9.
Ability to obtain certification(s) in an IT related field.
Basic knowledge of insurance and financial services products.
Excellent time management skills.
About our client
Our client is a global financial company with 18,000 employees passionate about improving the wealth and well-being of people and businesses. In business for more than 140 years, it has helped more than 38 million customers plan, insure, invest, and retire, while working to support the communities where it does business, improve our planet, and build a diverse, inclusive workforce. Discover, grow, and thrive as part of a team that supports you


Equal Employment Opportunity

MATRIX is committed to providing a work environment that values diversity, equity, inclusion and respect. We do not discriminate based upon race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status (including registered domestic partnership status), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), gender (including gender identity and expression), age (40 and over), sexual orientation, military and veteran status and/or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.
MATRIX is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. Supporting medical or religious documentation will be required where applicable. If you are a qualified individual with a disability, you may request a reasonable accommodation under the American Disability Act (ADA) by emailing MATRIX_HR@MatrixRes.com. To ensure a quick response to your request, please use the words ‚ÄúAccommodation request‚Äù as the subject line of your email.

For hourly W2 contract roles MATRIX offers a highly competitive benefit package including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Disability, HSA, and 401(k) with pre and post-tax options. Please see MatrixRes.com/Benefits for more information.
For direct hire placement with our clients, benefits will be offered in accordance with that particular client‚Äôs offerings. This may include PTO, Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K and other pre and post-tax options.
Show Less IMPORTANT APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS:
Upload Resume or Curriculum Vitae for automatic population of information to the application.
The contact information, work experience, and education listed on your Resume/CV will be parsed and input into your Montclair application.
Review information and double-check all fields containing information that the system parsed – the software is intelligent, but you need to verify that the data is accurate.
In the “My Experience” section, you will find a Resume/CV upload option where you can submit your cover letter and all other supporting documents.
Note: If you have an expansive CV, we recommend that you apply manually and only include the positions you have held in the last ten (10) years. You will then be able to attach your Resume/CV, as well as all other supporting documentation in the "My Experience" section of your application.
Job Description
SUMMARY:
Under the direction of the Director of Web and Identity Management, the Identity and Access Management (IAM) Developer designs and develops IAM components to be used by the Information Technology Division as well as the campus community at large. This position is involved in all aspects of the Identity and Access policies, procedures and workflows to support the full life cycle of user accounts: account creation, password management, account inactivation, archiving, and web development to support end user requirements. The IAM Developer will also help to define the future state vision for how identities and assigned access will be managed, enforced and reported upon across all functional business units.
PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Designs, develops, and maintains key components within the Identity and Access modules as well as integrations with University ERP systems, Google, Active Directory and any other third-party applications as required.
Maintains the central user database and is fully responsible for database design, access control and data flows to/from the database/application.
Maintains authentication and authorization databases and recommends upgrades and changes to improve the business flow.
Has an active role in the design and development of single-sign on and multifactor authentication solutions to third-party applications.
Adheres to industry and university best practices for application design and deployment and leverages open standards development tools, languages, and libraries whenever possible.
Develops workflows and processes to enhance the functionality and manageability of supported systems.
Evaluates program goals, operations and performance as required; develops and implements alternative procedures to improve performance and meet program objectives.
Evaluates and recommends hardware and/or software to meet current and future needs for Identity and Access Management systems.
Maintains integrity and appropriate confidentiality in Institutional and program operations.
Contributes to the preparation of studies and reports containing findings and recommendations for the implementation of assigned application policies and procedures to meet the needs of the University.
Develops appropriate communication with user community to insure transfer of operational, procedural, and policy information.
Represents the university at conferences, seminars or meeting as required.
Serves on ad hoc and standing committees as required.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Management retains the right to add or change job duties at any time.
QUALIFICATIONS:
REQUIRED:
Bachelor's degree from an accredited institution or equivalent experience.
Minimum of two years of hands-on development experience with Identity and Access applications.
Minimum of two years of hands-on development experience using JavaScript.
Working knowledge of Single Sign On (SSO), SAML, OAuth, ID Connect and Federated services.
Strong understanding of Identity and Access concepts and features.
Strong technical and analytical skills with the ability to analyze system functionality and resolve production issues.
PREFERRED:
Strong technical skills across a variety of technologies such as multi-tiered architecture, databases, LDAP and directory services, application servers, network infrastructure, and understanding security and data flow within these components.
Experience with Identity Management solutions such as Okta, ForgeRock or Microsoft Identity Manager.
Knowledge of information security best practices.
Knowledge of Enterprise Directory Architecture (LDAP, AD, OpenDJ, Azure AD).
Experience with Ansible and JSON.
Knowledge of operating systems (UNIX/Linux and Windows) and of database management systems (mysql, Oracle, SQL Server, etc.).
Ability to prepare clear and detailed documentation and correspondence.
Ability to communicate effectively in verbal and written form.
Proven ability to work independently or in conjunction with a team.
PROCEDURE FOR CANDIDACY
Applicants should include a resume and cover letter describing how their background, skills and education match the needs of the University. When applying, please take a moment to carefully read and follow the steps in the application instructions.
Department
Enterprise Application Services/Web
Position Type
Professional - Non-Faculty
Contact Information:
For questions or concerns, please contact Human Resources' Workday Recruiting Support at 973-655-5000 (Option 2), or email
talent
@montclair.edu
.
EEO/AA Statement
Montclair State University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action institution with a strong commitment to diversity.
Additional information can be found on the website at

www.montclair.edu/human-resources/about-us/eo-aa-and-diversity/
Title IX and 34 C.F.R. 106 Policy
Montclair State is required by Title IX and 34 C.F.R. 106 not to discriminate on the basis of sex or gender, and does not discriminate on the basis of sex or gender in the operation of education programs and activities. The requirement to not discriminate on the basis of sex or gender in the operation of education programs and activities extends to admission and employment. For further details, please visit:
https://www.montclair.edu/human-resources/job-seekers/
Show Less Job Classification:

Technology - Software Development/Quality Engineering

Prudential’s Global Technology team is the spark that ignites the power of Prudential for our customers and employees worldwide. Our organization plays a critical and highly visible role in delivering customer-driven solutions across every area of the company. The Global Technology team is made up of diverse, agile-thinking, and highly skilled professionals; we use our combined capabilities to enable the organization with innovation, speed, agility, scalability and efficiency.

The Global Technology team takes great pride in our culture where digital transformation is built into our DNA. When you join the Global Technology organization at Prudential, you’ll unlock a challenging and impactful career – all while growing your skills and advancing your profession at one of the world’s leading financial services institutions.

Prudential’s CTO organization is hiring a Development team member to work within Identity and Access Management organization to deliver the product vision in coordination and collaboration with peers and the technical leads and PO.

The Identity and Access Management Team is a diverse group working on multiple areas in the world of identity and access management, cloud computing, software engineering, and general layered security in an enterprise. The projects range from new and unique authentication methods used for multi-factor authentication and standard authentication to complete restructuring of frameworks and management of Identity.

The Identity and Access Development team member will collaborate with the Technical Leads, engineers, and PO to manage the development, deployment, and operations of the company identity solutions, and will work closely with the peer teams to implement strategic decisions and architecture.

Responsibilities:

Operate with the Technical Leads to ensure ambitious delivery and sustainability objectives are met, aligned with the clear product vision across the organization

Communicate with high efficacy to key stakeholders, peers, and the wider CTO organization

Aid in facilitating the end-to-end product deployment and maintenance, and onboarding of business applications within an Agile organization

Ensure alignment of and undertake product features and stories, i.e., review, give feedback, and prioritize user stories according to timelines

Continuously improve backlog with the team, ensuring all items are clearly described, estimated, and prioritized

Ensure customer-driven design considering user pain points & usability test results, using market & industry knowledge as well as continual research, to deliver a well-positioned product

Analyze, review, and assess features and provide valuable feedback for the team and Product Owner

Drive team specific sprint and release plans together with the Scrum Master and organizational technology teams

Exercise strong decision-making mandate from executive group to own product end-to-end

Work with peer technical leads and Product Owner to construct modular and reusable solutions, and drive adoption through integration and transition

Collaboratively design, implement and run enterprise IAM solutions for both workforce and customer

Advanced understanding of SDLC/pipeline, business processes, internal control risk management, IT controls and related standards.

Assist in requirements gathering and analysis.

Manage multiple engagements and competing priorities in a rapidly growing, fast-paced, results-based team environment

Ensure adherence to continuous improvement practices as required to meet quality / time to market imperatives

Skills / Qualifications:

Strong, demonstratable capabilities with at least one high-level programming language and a scripting language (e.g. C#/.Net/Java/Python/PowerShell)

Strong API development and integration proficiencies

Ability to work on own initiative and drive time definite deliverables pertaining to enhancing an overarching IAM architecture, deploying new code and solutions, consolidating and/or retiring legacy products, service offerings, or APIs

Advantageous if having operated as a developer within a security team or identity architecture/framework capacity

High degree of proficiency in conveying technical tenets to all levels of org/audience

Knowledge of SSO and Federation platforms

Strong problem solver with ability to lead the team to push the solution and progress

Innovative thinking with a passion for problem-solving

Any experience operating with vendor security solutions in a Unix/Linux environment

Core competencies in security hardening of Identity platforms and Directories

Capabilities specifically within the Security and Identity arena, including but not limited to RBAC, Authentication, Authorization, least privilege enforcement

Multiple program/project lead expertise

Wide exposure to audit and compliance engagements and ability to field and tend to PCI/SOX/Fed regulatory requirements and remedial action plans

Solid knowledge of industry trends, user demands, and pain points to be able to create a high value product vision

Experimental mindset to drive innovation

Appreciable skills with SSO, federation, and risk product offerings/vendors (e.g. Broadcom SiteMinder/RiskMinder or Ping Federate/Access/Directory)

Exposure to, or skillsets within SailPoint, Splunk, Ping/DUO/Transmit/ForgeRock, Vintela/Unix platform bridging solutions

Experience with a disparate environment, ratification thereof, in addition to facets of complex and comprehensive migration and integration

Experience :

3-6+ years of experience collaborating on projects through the full development lifecycle

A history of embracing and incubating emerging technology and open-source products

Strong background in development, code review, integration

Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc. which is headquartered in the United Kingdom.

Prudential is a multinational financial services leader with operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Leveraging its heritage of life insurance and asset management expertise, Prudential is focused on helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth. The company's well-known Rock symbol is an icon of strength, stability, expertise and innovation that has stood the test of time. Prudential's businesses offer a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds, asset management, and real estate services.

We recognize that our strength and success are directly linked to the quality and skills of our diverse associates. We are proud to be a place where talented people who want to make a difference can grow as professionals, leaders, and as individuals. Visit www.prudential.com to learn more about our values, our history and our brand.

Prudential is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, genetics, disability, marital status, age, veteran status, domestic partner status , medical condition or any other characteristic protected by law.

The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Newark, NJ and its affiliates.

Note that this posting is intended for individual applicants. Search firms or agencies should email Staffing at staffingagencies@prudential.com for more information about doing business with Prudential.

PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES:
If you need an accommodation to complete the application process, which may include an assessment, please email accommodations.hw@prudential.com .

Please note that the above email is solely for individuals with disabilities requesting an accommodation. If you are experiencing a technical issue with your application or an assessment, please email careers.technicalsupport@prudential.com to request assistance.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less OVERVIEW
Rotech Healthcare Inc. is a national leader in providing ventilators, oxygen, sleep apnea treatment, wound care solutions and home medical equipment. We help patients lead a more comfortable and productive life by keeping them engaged in their care and empowering them to manage their health and treatment at home. Rotech provides high quality medical products, services and outstanding customer care through hundreds of locations across 45 states. For additional information, visit our company homepage Rotech.com

Connect with us! FACEBOOK INSTAGRAM TWITTER LINKEDIN

JOB INFORMATION
Summary
We are seeking a dedicated Web Developer to join out Information Systems team at our corporate office. This person will work closely with our business analysts, as well with internal business users to understand their key business drivers and data needs, and scope out scalable and suitable solutions that will help our customers with the information needed for planning, analysis and decision-making. Also responsible for the successful delivery of tablet based web forms and is experienced in web development and implementations. The Web Developer will also be responsible for conversion of XML/JSON data into a PDF format and maintaining and enhancing our current web based applications.

The successful candidate would have 3-5 years of web development experience, expereince in the basic web stack of JavaScript/HTML/CSS, JSON/AJAX. They would also have experience of modern MVC or MVVM type web frameworks (Angular, React, Vue, etc.) and CSS framework Bootstrap.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Assist in defining software development project plans; scoping, scheduling, providing time estimates for programming tasks and implementation plans and schedules
Assist Quality Assurance team in keeping the QA environment in proper condition
Build web based forms for tablets
Complete web based training as well as on-site training
Cooperate with the Quality Assurance team to define test cases, metrics and resolve questions about test results
Develop technical documentation to define the system components, development environment and implementation planning/strategies.
Help build positive relationships between business users and IT staff and between various teams in the IT function
Integrating data from various back-end services and databases
Transform web based forms into PDF documents
Work in a team environment; clearly communicate problem/resolution process to management
Work with BSAs to establish requirements
Writing well designed, testable, efficient code by using best software practices
Performs other duties as assigned
Supervisory Responsibilities

None



QUALIFICATIONS
Employment is contingent on

Background investigation (company-wide)
Drug screen (when applicable for the position)
Valid driver's license in state of residence with a clean driving record (when applicable for the position)
Education and/or Experience

Bachelors in Computer Science, Management Information Systems or related field
3-5 years of web development experience
Experience in the basic web stack of JavaScript/HTML/CSS
Experience in JSON/AJAX
Experience of modern MVC or MVVM type web frameworks (Angular, React, Vue, etc.)
Experience of CSS framework Bootstrap
Experience in using common APIs (Google, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, etc.)
Experience in using API testing platforms like Postman/Swagger
Experience in debugging JavaScript using Chrome Debugger
Experience of version control and collaboration platform Github/GitLab/Bitbucket
Experience with Agile development
Strong sense of UX/UI design
Solid understanding of OOP
Solid understanding of RDBMS
Solid understanding of DNS, Cashing Service, Load Balancer, CORS
Skills, Knowledge and Abilities

Develop processes and systems
Effective decision-making skills and strong business judgment
Effectively communicate in English; both oral and written, with vendors and employees at all levels of the organization to ensure questions and concerns are processed in a timely manner
Helpful, knowledgeable and polite while maintaining a positive attitude
Interpret a variety of instructions in a variety of communication mediums
Maintain confidentiality and practice discretion and caution when handling sensitive information
Multi-task along with attention to detail and follow through skills
Self-motivation, organized, time-management and deductive problem solving skills
Strong analytical, numerical, reasoning abilities, research and fact finding skills
Work independently and as part of a team; with minimal to no supervision
Physical Demands

Communicate to others in person, on the telephone and electronically
Occasionally move equipment such as a personal computer or display weighing up to 25 pounds
Requires close vision to small print on computer and or paperwork
Requires sitting, walking, standing, talking or listening
Sit, stand or move about for extensive periods of time
Utilize computer for extensive hours
Machines, Equipment and Technical Abilities

Email transmission and communication
Internet navigation and research
Microsoft applications including but not limited to Word, Excel, Power-Point, Publisher, Access, etc.
Networking, web technologies (HTML, CSS, jQuery), Microsoft Windows
Office equipment; fax machine, copier, printer, phone and computer
SQL, XML, JSON, Java; proficiency in JavaScript
Work Environment

Office environment



ROTECH INFORMATION
Benefits

401k
Medical, Dental and Vision
Life Insurance and Disability
Generous Paid Time Off and Paid Holidays
Bonus and Incentive Opportunities (Non-Exempt and Exempt)
Mileage reimbursement (when applicable for the position)
Telephone reimbursement (when applicable for the position)
Make the Right Move, Create your Profile and Submit your Resume TODAY!! The hiring manager reviews resumes and contacts applicants that have related experience to the applied position. To view the status of a position that you submitted your profile / resume to, Sign into your account. We appreciate your interest in Rotech Healthcare Inc.

Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities. Rotech Healthcare Inc. recruits, employs, trains, promotes, transfers, separates from employment and compensates employees without regard to membership in, association with, or perception of race, color, age, gender, gender identity, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, pregnancy or any other personal characteristic protected by applicable federal, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in each locality where Rotech has employees. Rotech Healthcare Inc. is a DRUG FREE WORKPLACE
Show Less Job Duties:

Upgrading the identity and access Management stack from 11gR2 Ps2 to11gR2 Ps3.
Designing and developing a customized LDAP connector to integrate the existing ODSEE Directory server with OIM.
Assisting in developing Oracle Unified Directory (OUD) connector to provision accounts into OUD, which will be used and identity store for Oracle Access Management for future release.
Developing custom workflows and Generic Technology Connectors (GTC) for manual user dumps.
Analyze and document (both existing and potential) solutions for the following: User account provisioning/ de-provisioning, Enterprise Directory Services, Password Management, Role-Based access control, Strong Authentication.
Installing the OIM and OAM suite of products from scratch, OUD LDAP directory with virtualization features to present a consolidated view of OUD and ODSEE.
Domain set up, configuring cluster using domain files, setting up SSL for OIM and OAM integration.
Creating user groups, Roles, group memberships, administrative roles.
Build Access Policies for auto-provisioning resources to users based on defined criteria.

Minimum Requirement: This position requires minimum of Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer information systems, information technology, or a combination of education and experience equating to the U.S. equivalent of a Bachelor’s degree in one of the aforementioned subjects.

Show Less JOB TYPE
Contract
EMP TYPE
Full-Time
INDUSTRY
Telecoms & Media
SKILLS
Any
SALARY TYPE
Hourly
SALARY
€60.00 EUR - €75.00 EUR



Expected experience: +4 Years of Experience

Language: Fluent in English, oral and in writing

Start date for assignment: ASAP

Duration of assignment: 6 months (extendable)

Expected workload for the consultant: Full-time

Location: Hybrid




Duties and responsibilities:

Our client is moving into a new Customer IAM system, and in the intermediate period they need the existing CIAM system maintained. For this assistance is needed.

You will be part of a team which is responsible for identity and access management across all our clients residential customers, ensuring seamless access to our services for the customers. The team is a central part of the organization, and our clients platform supports millions of transactions and customers.

The client service around 20 million requests towards their services each day and their entire infrastructure is set up in AWS EKS with CI/CD pipelines and infrastructure-as-code.




Must-have technical skills:

Technical knowledge within the Customer IAM area.
Are proficient in both C#, PHP and Golang.
Experience with cloud-hosted solutions, specifically AWS and their managed services like RDS, MSK, SNS/SQS, EKS etc.
Have a solid understanding of storage engines and their individual functionalities, eg. MySQL, Couchbase, RabbitMQ, Kafka etc.



Nice to have:

Ability to read and understand complex code and business logic
Good communication as you will work together with different projects and with different stakeholders.
Self-driven and pro-active.



RECRUITMENT PROCESS - fully online recruitment process in ENGLISH:

CV verification – within 48h you get your first feedback regarding your application
Screening call – short 20-min call to get to know each other
Interview – for this client there will be 2 interviews: 1st with the Line Manager; Technical and 2nd with HR.
Offer and… celebration after getting hired !

Skillspark is a fast-growing Swedish company, that unlocks IT talents globally. Our consultants get access to top assignments worldwide, a greater quality of life and competitive rates. Most of the assignments are for our clients based in Scandinavia, the UK and the Middle East, but we believe in remote work, so you can be placed anywhere you want!




Sourcing Specialist

Janina Tabernacka
janina.tabernacka@skillspark.com
Show Less Basic Qualifications

3-5 years of related work experience with a bachelor’s degree or an Advanced Degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD, or PhD) in a computer science or related field
1-3 Experience in programming languages (Java or Python)
1-3 years of experience in application enrollments and application access management processes like access request provisioning, user access revalidation/certification, and Joiner/Mover/Leaver process
1-3 years of experience with role-based access governance
Broad and deep background in all aspects of Identity and Access Management end-to-end lifecycle, from HR driven processes (Joiner, Mover, Leaver, Conversion, User Access Revalidation), to IAM compliance and role engineering
Ability to review and document requirements and implement solutions to address them
Working knowledge of Sailpoint or Oracle Identity Management suites (OIM) or Similar products
At least one Privileged Ac

Job Type: Contract

Pay: $60.00 - $65.00 per hour

Benefits:

Health insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Highlands Ranch, CO 80129: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)

Experience:

Cybersecurity: 4 years (Required)

Work Location: One location

Show Less Announcement
Details

Open Date
09/01/2022


Requisition Number
PRN32119B


Job Title
Front End Developer


Working Title
Front End Developer


Job Grade
015


FLSA Code
Professional


Patient Sensitive Job Code?
No


Standard Hours per Week
40


Full Time or Part Time?
Full Time


Shift
Day


Work Schedule Summary


VP Area
President


Department
00651 - my529


Location
My529 Downtown SLC


City
Salt Lake City, UT


Type of Recruitment
External Posting


Pay Rate Range
Minimum $80k (+ DOE)


Close Date


Open Until Filled
Yes


Job Summary
About my529
my529 administers the State of Utah‚Äôs 529 college savings plan. With approximately $20 billion in assets under management, my529 consistently ranks as one of the top 529 plans in the United States. Learn more at www.my529.org.

Job Description
We are seeking a React Developer with a passion for beautiful design. Our objective for this candidate is attention to design detail throughout our applications. A developer who will champion uniformity across our applications in their responsiveness and accessibility.
The candidate will demonstrate proficiency in Javascript, React, and CSS. This individual will be part of the Front End Development team and will work closely with our UX/UI Designer, Back End, Product Management, and Quality Assurance teams.

Successful candidates should have experience in the following:

Developing web applications (SPA) using React, Redux, React Router, etc.
Applying Material Design concepts and working with Material-UI library
Consuming REST API‚Äôs (JSON) and web services
Following Agile Development methodologies
Creating software in a team environment with GIT version control




Responsibilities
Responsibilities include

Function as the Front End team‚Äôs primary owner of responsiveness and accessibility


Providing insight to our UI/UX designer and business analyst team in feature prototype creation


Designing and developing React components based on UX prototypes


Building React components for consistency across web applications




Minimum Qualifications
Qualifications include

Proven front end development experience


Minimum of 2 (two) years of creating production level applications


Proficient at coding in JavaScript (ES6+), React JSX, CSS, and HTML5


Experience using various JS frameworks and libraries


Solid understanding of branching/merging/versioning strategies through GIT


Dynamic, committed, proactive


Desire to research, explore and implement new technologies and approaches beyond your comfort zone


Flexible and collaborative, open to discussion


Advocate of team goals and efforts


Successful candidates should have experience in the following:

Developing web applications (SPA) using React, Redux, React Router, etc.


Applying Material Design concepts and working with Material-UI library


Consuming REST API‚Äôs (JSON) and web services


Following Agile Development methodologies


Creating software in a team environment with GIT version control




Preferences
Desired Bonus Skills

Experience in Web Design


Specialization in Responsive development


Specialization in Accessibility development


React Native experience




Type
Benefited Staff


Special Instructions Summary


Additional Information
The University of Utah values candidates who have experience working in settings with students from diverse backgrounds and possess a strong commitment to improving access to higher education for historically underrepresented students.


Individuals from historically underrepresented groups, such as minorities, women, qualified persons with disabilities and protected veterans are encouraged to apply. Veterans‚Äô preference is extended to qualified applicants, upon request and consistent with University policy and Utah state law. Upon request, reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.


The University of Utah is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer and does not discriminate based upon race, ethnicity, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, pregnancy-related conditions, genetic information, or protected veteran‚Äôs status. The University does not discriminate on the basis of sex in the education program or activity that it operates, as required by Title IX and 34CFRpart 106. The requirement not to discriminate in education programs or activities extends to admission and employment. Inquiries about the application of Title IX and its regulations may be referred to the Title IX Coordinator, to the Department of Education, Office for Civil Rights, or both.


To request a reasonable accommodation for a disability or if you or someone you know has experienced discrimination or sexual misconduct including sexual harassment, you may contact the Director/Title IX Coordinator in the Office of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action:


Director/ Title IX Coordinator

Office of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action (OEO/AA)

135 Park Building

Salt Lake City, UT 84112

801-581-8365

oeo@utah.edu

Online reports may be submitted atoeo.utah.edu

To inquire about this posting, email:employment@utah.eduor call 801-581-2300.



The University is a participating employer with Utah Retirement Systems (‚ÄúURS‚Äù). Eligible new hires with priorURSservice, may elect to enroll inURSif they make the election before they become eligible for retirement (usually the first day of work). Contact Human Resources at (801) 581-7447 for information. Individuals who previously retired and are receiving monthly retirement benefits fromURSare subject to URS‚Äô post-retirement rules and restrictions. Please contact Utah Retirement Systems at (801) 366-7770 or (800) 695-4877 or University Human Resource Management at (801) 581-7447 if you have questions regarding the post-retirement rules.


This position may require the successful completion of a criminal background check and/or drug screen.

Show Less Announcement
Details

Open Date
09/19/2022


Requisition Number
PRN32343B


Job Title
Jr. Front End Developer


Working Title
Jr. Front End Developer


Job Grade
014


FLSA Code
Computer Employee


Patient Sensitive Job Code?
No


Standard Hours per Week
40


Full Time or Part Time?
Full Time


Shift
Day


Work Schedule Summary
Hybrid, General Hours: M-F 8am ‚Äì 5pm


VP Area
President


Department
01396 - my529


Location
My529 Downtown SLC


City
Salt Lake City, UT


Type of Recruitment
External Posting


Pay Rate Range
Minimum $69,500 (+DOE)


Close Date


Open Until Filled
Yes


Job Summary
About my529

my529 administers the State of Utah‚Äôs 529 college savings plan. With approximately $20 billion in assets under management, my529 consistently ranks as one of the top 529 plans in the United States. Learn more at www.my529.org.

Why my529

Do you want to work for a mission-based organization that can make a positive impact in a child‚Äôs life? An organization that can give them hope for the future and provide a savings vehicle to help them dream big?

my529 has a proven track record of helping families nationwide prepare for the cost of a college education. We provide one of the best 529 plans in the country. Given recent studies that show a child with a college savings account is three times more likely to attend college and six times more likely to graduate, we believe we can help make dreams come true.

my529 is seeking a Front End Developer to join a well-established team in pursuing its mission of helping as many families as we can. We are always looking for ways to enhance our services and better equip our customers with the tools they need to prepare for the future, and we need your help!

Job Description

We are seeking a React Developer with a passion for beautiful design. Our objective for this candidate is attention to design detail throughout our applications. A developer who will champion user interface uniformity across our applications in their responsiveness and accessibility.



Responsibilities
Responsibilities include

Function as the Front End team‚Äôs primary owner of responsiveness and accessibility


Providing insight to our UI/UX designer and product management team in feature prototype creation


Designing and developing React components based on UX prototypes


Building React components for consistency across web applications


Minimum Qualifications
Successful candidates should have experience in the following:

Developing web applications (SPA) using React, Redux, React Router, etc.


Applying Material Design concepts and working with Material-UI library


Consuming REST API‚Äôs (JSON) and web services


Following Agile Development methodologies


Creating software in a team environment with GIT version control


Qualifications include

Proven front end development experience


Minimum of 1 (one) year of creating production level applications


Proficient at coding in JavaScript (ES6+), React JSX, CSS, and HTML5


Experience using various JS frameworks and libraries


Solid understanding of branching/merging/versioning strategies through GIT


Dynamic, committed, proactive


Desire to research, explore and implement new technologies and approaches beyond your comfort zone


Flexible and collaborative, open to discussion


Advocate of team goals and efforts


Desired Bonus Skills

Experience in Web Design ideally with Adobe products


Specialization in Responsive development


Specialization in Accessibility development




Preferences


Type
Benefited Staff


Special Instructions Summary


Additional Information
The University of Utah values candidates who have experience working in settings with students from diverse backgrounds and possess a strong commitment to improving access to higher education for historically underrepresented students.


Individuals from historically underrepresented groups, such as minorities, women, qualified persons with disabilities and protected veterans are encouraged to apply. Veterans‚Äô preference is extended to qualified applicants, upon request and consistent with University policy and Utah state law. Upon request, reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.


The University of Utah is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer and does not discriminate based upon race, ethnicity, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, pregnancy-related conditions, genetic information, or protected veteran‚Äôs status. The University does not discriminate on the basis of sex in the education program or activity that it operates, as required by Title IX and 34CFRpart 106. The requirement not to discriminate in education programs or activities extends to admission and employment. Inquiries about the application of Title IX and its regulations may be referred to the Title IX Coordinator, to the Department of Education, Office for Civil Rights, or both.


To request a reasonable accommodation for a disability or if you or someone you know has experienced discrimination or sexual misconduct including sexual harassment, you may contact the Director/Title IX Coordinator in the Office of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action:


Director/ Title IX Coordinator

Office of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action (OEO/AA)

135 Park Building

Salt Lake City, UT 84112

801-581-8365

oeo@utah.edu

Online reports may be submitted atoeo.utah.edu

To inquire about this posting, email:employment@utah.eduor call 801-581-2300.



The University is a participating employer with Utah Retirement Systems (‚ÄúURS‚Äù). Eligible new hires with priorURSservice, may elect to enroll inURSif they make the election before they become eligible for retirement (usually the first day of work). Contact Human Resources at (801) 581-7447 for information. Individuals who previously retired and are receiving monthly retirement benefits fromURSare subject to URS‚Äô post-retirement rules and restrictions. Please contact Utah Retirement Systems at (801) 366-7770 or (800) 695-4877 or University Human Resource Management at (801) 581-7447 if you have questions regarding the post-retirement rules.


This position may require the successful completion of a criminal background check and/or drug screen.

Show Less Title: Front End Developer - Identity & Access Management
Location: Midtown
Org Unit: Mobile Development
Work Days:
Exemption Status: Exempt
Position Summary

This Front -End Developer position requires a passion for building and implementing security and identity management in a fast-paced environment. It will involve all technical aspects of identity and access management and require participation in project oriented work and operations. This position provides the opportunity to participate in multiple areas of IT infrastructure, application, and project teams to develop and implement identity and access solutions for the Weill Cornell Medicine environment without diminishing productivity.

Job Responsibilities
Performs SAML IdP-SP integrations and provides support as required.
Designs, supports and optimizes identity management systems.
Performs operational tasks and responds to urgent tickets when necessary.
Provides 2nd and 3rd level support for key identity management systems.
Improves efficiency by automating and orchestrating repetitive or manual tasks and promotes self-service.
Participates in disaster recovery exercises and update plans.
Creates knowledge base articles and ensures they are kept up-to-date.
Ensures identity and access management infrastructure is running optimally and effectively.
Develops and maintains technical solutions for the ongoing improvement of identity life cycle management.
Creates and/or updates Splunk dashboards or other metrics required for the team.
Performs other duties as required.
Education
Bachelor's Degree
Experience

Bachelor’s degree (Computer Science or related field preferred), or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
Approximately 4 years of experience with SAML integrations.
Approximately 2 years+ of experience with Linux.
Approximately 1 year+ of professional experience developing Ruby on Rails applications.
Strong front-end web development skills, including PHP, Javascript, React/Angular, JS, and HTML.
Experience with Active Directory, LDAP, and other authentication technology.
Experience with administrating authentication technologies such as Microsoft Active Directory, Sun LDAP, Ping Identity Directory (formerly UnboundID) LDAP, SimpleSAMLphp, Central Authentication Service, Kerberos, OpenID Connect, Oauth 2, and federated identity management.
Experience using open-source technology without vendor support.
Experience with distributed version control systems (such as github) and ability to develop within a prescribed collaborative development workflow.
Ability to work on a web application development team, participating in pair programming, code reviews, and shared development tasks.
Strong experience with automated testing, including unit and integration tests.
Fluency in navigating and using MAC OS, Linux and Windows.
Ability to explain in detail how networking protocols (TCP/IP) and service protocols (HTTP(S), SSL/TLS, SSH, SMTP, SAML, DNS, LDAP(S)) function.
Comfortable in PHP, Ruby, JRuby, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS preferred.
Working knowledge of multiple scripting languages and tools such as Ansible desirable.
Previous experience within Information Technology at an academic institution and knowledge of regulatory requirements (HIPAA, FERPA, etc.) desirable.
Solid understanding of how RBAC, account lifecycle management, and other IAM tenets work a plus.
Experience with test-driven development and automated testing helpful.
Interest and experience in reporting and metrics desired.
Experience working with multidisciplinary teams and with a Project Management Office desirable.
Experience with Splunk, Extrahop, and Multifactor authentication such as Duo Security desired.
ITIL & AWS Certifications a plus.
Understanding of virtualization and Cloud (Saas, Paas, IaaS) technologies and ability to make recommendations on its use of it security would be an advantage.
Knowledge of technologies at all levels of the OSI levels, layers 1 through 7 would be an advantage.

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
Strong work ethic and detail-oriented work style, with the ability to self-manage and work proactively and effectively to meet established deadlines and project goals.
Ability to be an effective team member and individual contributor in a fast-paced, multi-project and multi-unit environment.
Passion for optimizing user experience, especially in making complex concepts intuitive to non-technical audiences.
Excellent conceptual, organizational, analytical and problem solving skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, on both technical and non-technical topics.
High level of attention to detail and accuracy.
Ability to create and present professional-level diagrams, reports, and documentation for technical and non-technical audiences using Microsoft Office or other applications.
Strong customer service skills and ability to collect requirements, triage issues, and present patches for acceptance.
Ability to work in a very demanding and high pressure environment.
Licenses and Certifications
Working Conditions/Physical Demands

Full-time hours required, with additional hours as necessary.
Will need to work off-hours to do project work, provide on-call support, or to perform changes as required.
Weill Cornell Medicine is a comprehensive academic medical center that's committed to excellence in patient care, scientific discovery, and the education of future physicians in New York City and around the world. Our doctors and scientists-faculty from Weill Cornell Medical College, Weill Cornell Graduate School of Medical Sciences, and the Weill Cornell Physician Organization-are engaged in world-class clinical care and cutting-edge research that connect patients to the latest treatment innovations and prevention strategies. Located in the heart of the Upper East Side's scientific corridor, Weill Cornell Medicine's powerful network of collaborators extends to its parent university Cornell University; to Qatar, where an international campus offers a U.S. medical degree; and to programs in Tanzania, Haiti, Brazil, Austria and Turkey. Our medical practices serve communities throughout New York City, and our faculty provide comprehensive care at NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital/Weill Cornell Medical Center, NewYork-Presbyterian/Lower Manhattan Hospital, and NewYork-Presbyterian/Queens. At Weill Cornell Medicine, we work together to treat each individual, not just their conditions or illnesses, as we strive to deliver the finest possible care for our patients - the center of everything we do. Weill Cornell Medicine is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Weill Cornell Medicine provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, color, age, religion, protected veteran or disability status, or genetic information.Show Less  Job Title:
Identity Access Management (IAM) Developer
Location:
Block 23
What you'll do:
Engineer 3 - Cyber
What we are looking for:
The IAM Developer is responsible for the development and hands-on implementation of identity management solutions that meet business requirements, goals, and objectives and, at the same time, encompass the full range of technologies employed by WAB servers, networks, systems, and data management processes. Provides support, development and administration of the bank’s primary identity platform.
Benefits you’ll love:
We offer all the important things you'd want — like competitive salaries, an ownership stake in the company, medical and dental insurance, time off, a great 401k matching program, tuition assistance program, an employee volunteer program, and a wellness program. In addition, you’ll have the opportunity to bolster your business knowledge, learning the ins and outs of how successful companies operate and manage their finances, giving you invaluable hands-on experience to help grow your career!
About the company:
Western Alliance Bank is a wholly owned subsidiary of Western Alliance Bancorporation. Alliance Bank of Arizona, Alliance Association Bank, Bank of Nevada, Bridge Bank, First Independent Bank, and Torrey Pines Bank are divisions of Western Alliance Bank; Member FDIC. AmeriHome Mortgage is a Western Alliance Bank company.
Western Alliance Bancorporation is committed to equal employment and will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, sex, color, religion, age, nation origin, marital status, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or genetic information. Western Alliance Bancorporation is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process and/or need an alternative method of applying, please email
HR@westernalliancebank.com
or call 602-386-2488. When contacting us, please provide your contact information and state the nature of your accessibility issue. We will only respond to inquiries concerning requests that involve a reasonable accommodation in the application process.
© Western Alliance Bancorporation
Show Less DataStage Developer with Python and AWS

Position Description
Join this dynamic organization as an ETL DataStage Developer with expertise on Python and AWS! With your expertise, you will work with a high-performing team to consult and develop solutions for a major client.

You will support and interact with the client daily with a focus across the organization. You will have the opportunity to show/grow with technology in a customer-facing role. You should be able to work independently under limited supervision and apply your knowledge.

With sufficient knowledge and maturity to effectively deal with technical issues and help to support the broader team. Your success will be directly related to CGI's and our client's success.

Your future duties and responsibilities

Translate requirements and data mapping documents to technical design.
Develop, enhance, and maintain code following best practices and standards.
Create and execute unit test plans. Support regression and system testing efforts.
Debug and problem solve issues found during testing and/or production.
Communicate status, issues, and blockers with the project team.
Support continuous improvement by identifying and solving opportunities.

Required qualifications to be successful in this role

Minimum 7 years of experience in Designing and development on IBM DataStage (11.x)
Expertise in Data Warehousing ETL Tool DataStage using Components like DataStage Designer, DataStage Director and DataStage Operations Console.
Strong understanding of Data warehousing concepts, dimensional Star Schema and Snowflakes Schema methodology.
Expertise in designing DataStage Server jobs, Parallel Jobs, Job Sequencing, Creating Parameter Sets, Container, Environment Variables and Creating Parallel Routines, Data Cleansing and Writing Transformation expressions to derive values and remove unwanted data. Also should have good working knowledge in different stages like Transformer, look up, merge stage, ODBC connector, Oracle connector etc.
In depth experience in troubleshooting of DataStage jobs and addressing issues like performance tuning.
Expertise in working and hands-on implementation of AWS services such as Glue, Lambda functions, and Redshift are required and (Terraform is nice to have)
Hands-on experience of working with Python, Spark and PySpark.
Efficient in all phases of the development lifecycle, coherent with Data Cleansing, Data Conversion, Performance Tuning and System Testing.
Should have strong analytic and problem-solving skills.
Should have strong Unix shell script skills
Should have strong SQL skills with experience of working on Oracle and/or Teradata DB
Good communication skills
Good team player and co-ordinate with multiple teams
Should have experience working in Agile teams in onshore- offshore model

Educational Expectations: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Related Field

#LI-BK1
#DICE

We offer a competitive compensation package where you'll be rewarded based on your performance and recognized for the value you bring to our business. In addition, our benefits package includes multiple medical, dental, & vision options, both a Shared Purchase Plan (SPP) for CGI stocks and a 401(k) plan, as well as numerous other life style benefits. CGI also provides sick leave and vacation pay

At CGI we call our professionals "members" to reinforce that all who join our team are, as owners, empowered to participate in the challenges and rewards that come from building a world-class company. CGI's benefits include:

Competitive base salaries
Eligibility to participate in an attractive Share Purchase Plan (SPP) in which the company matches dollar-for-dollar contributions made by eligible employees, up to a maximum, for their job category
401(k) Plan and Profit Participation for eligible members
Generous holidays, vacation, and sick leave plans
Comprehensive insurance plans that include, among other benefits, medical, dental, vision, life, disability, out-of-county emergency coverage in all countries of employment;
Back-up child care, Pet insurance, a Member Assistance Program, a 529 college savings program, a personal financial management tool, lifestyle management programs and more

Insights you can act on

While technology is at the heart of our clients' digital transformation, we understand that people are at the heart of business success.

When you join CGI, you become a trusted advisor, collaborating with colleagues and clients to bring forward actionable insights that deliver meaningful and sustainable outcomes. We call our employees "members" because they are CGI shareholders and owners and owners who enjoy working and growing together to build a company we are proud of. This has been our Dream since 1976, and it has brought us to where we are today - one of the world's largest independent providers of IT and business consulting services.

At CGI, we recognize the richness that diversity brings. We strive to create a work culture where all belong and collaborate with clients in building more inclusive communities. As an equal-opportunity employer, we want to empower all our members to succeed and grow. If you require an accommodation at any point during the recruitment process, please let us know. We will be happy to assist.

Ready to become part of our success story? Join CGI - where your ideas and actions make a difference.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, sex, religion, creed, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, pregnancy, medical condition, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, and gender expression, familial status, political affiliation, genetic information, or any other legally protected status or characteristics.

CGI provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the U.S., please email the CGI U.S. Employment Compliance mailbox at US_Employment_Compliance@cgi.com . You will need to reference the requisition number of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you. Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a requisition number will not be returned.

We make it easy to translate military experience and skills! Click here to be directed to our site that is dedicated to veterans and transitioning service members.

All CGI offers of employment in the U.S. are contingent upon the ability to successfully complete a background investigation. Background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and/or level of US government security clearance held. CGI will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrests and conviction records in accordance with all local regulations and ordinances.

CGI will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with CGI's legal duty to furnish information.

Skills
IBM WS Datastage Designer
Unix
Python
Spark SQL
AWS Developer

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportType: Contract – Hybrid, some onsite is required
Length: 12 Months
Rate: $70-$75/hour

Job Description:
Job Description: Our client in the Denver, CO area is looking for C# Developer to join their team on a contract basis. This team automates data exchanges between systems. . The team provides integration monitoring and proactive root-cause analysis, striving to ensure information consistency across multiple systems. In addition, the team has several tools that are used to support the day-to-day support operations for integration and identity management for IT staff.
The system is a MSMQ based system developed in C#.NET with a publisher and subscriber scheme for processing messages. The system utilizes a Microsoft SQL Server backend and both Web APIs and Windows Applications. These applications include a rules engine, retry system, MVC based monitoring and troubleshooting website, and the ability for scheduling future processing of messages.
Required Skills:

C#, ASP.NET (Web API & MVC)
XML, JSON, Web Services, WinForms, LINQ
JavaScript / AJAX, jQuery, HTML/CSS
SQL Server
Visual Studio

Desired Skills:
Agile
Code Maintenance
Experoemce with real-time data integrations and high transaction volume
Experience with user provisioning and access management
IND-1
Show Less 
ReportAs a SQL Developer, you will be part of an Agile development team with a passion for supporting an Enterprise Level Application. You will have the opportunity to resolve one off issues for end users as well as optimizing the data base to improve overall application performance.

Responsibilities:


Develop SQL scripts to update database for one-off fixes.
Coordinate cleanup efforts for large, complex datasets.
Diagnose issues in a production environment.
Gain a deep understanding of a complex relational database structure.
Provide peer review for other developers' SQL updates.
Identify common issues requiring SQL fixes and brainstorm with BPM application developers on root cause solutions.
Identify performance improvements for SQL queries/ views and improve / refactor in-use data models.

Qualifications:

Experience in government or corporate environment as SQL Developer, DBA or equivalent experience.
Understanding of software development life cycles including waterfall and Agile.
High proficiency in MS Excel.
Proficiency in MS Project, Rally, Jira or similar project tracking tools.
High proficiency with presentation and web communication tools.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills and ability to interact with all levels of staff.
Self-starter with strong self-management skills.
Ability to organize and manage multiple priorities.
Customer service oriented.

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience working with an application developed on a BPM platform (Appian, etc.).
Experience with ETL (for data migration, data curation, etc.), and related tools.
Experience with reports or OLAP relational structures and optimization for read-only analytics, data warehouse/marts, BI or analytics tools (Alteryx, etc.).
Experience working as part of a team providing support to a production application.
Experience with underlying relational database platforms (Oracle 12c, etc.) and ability to work with DBAs to tune and test performance, and concepts such as data archival, partitioning, etc.
Experience working with developers using ORM in a Java (Hibernate, JPA, JTA) or BPM (or similar framework-based) application and working in conjunction with application developers to develop and tune a coherent object-relational model.
Experience working with sensitive data and row-level access controls.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field.
8750-compliant security certification (CASP CE, CSSLP, or CISSP).
Oracle PL/SQL Certified Professional.

**Synergy prefers that all new employees be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 before their start date. Requests for exemptions and accommodation will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis.**

Synergy is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, or gender identity), national origin, age, disability, genetic information (including family medical history) or protected veteran status.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportJob#: 1312955

Job Description:
Under general supervision, develops, implements, and maintains databases and data access procedures with respect to application and back-office processing, documentation, security, performance, and validation checks. Includes T-SQL (transact structured query language) and data extraction, transformation and load processes (ETL). Consults with and advises developers and users on access to various databases. Competent to work at all levels of database development but may require instruction and guidance in some areas.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities:
Design and implement T-SQL data access methods (stored procedures, views, triggers) and data ETL processes.
Validate and test T-SQL data access methods and ETL processes to ensure peak performance and durability. Participate in peer code review.
Inventory, analyze and document system data access and processing.

Minimum Job Requirements (Education, Experience, Skills):
Bachelor’s degree preferred with minimally three years of relevant experience.
Strong T-SQL development and troubleshooting skills are preferred.
Strong ETL development and troubleshooting skills are preferred.
SQL Server Integration Services, Data Factory, and/or Informatica experience is preferred.
General understanding of Microsoft SQL Server and/or Oracle and/or DB/2 data access methods and tuning is preferred.
experience with Azure Database Technologies is preferred
Experience using Microsoft Office products.
Knowledge of business units’ functions and data are preferred.
Exceptional interpersonal skills (negotiation, team building, positive thinking, can-do attitude, and job flexibility).
Demonstrated strong verbal and written communication skills.
Demonstrated strong organizational and prioritization skills.
Demonstrated ability to multitask with attention to detail and meet deadlines simultaneously.

EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystems.com or 844-463-6178.

Employee Type:
Contract

Remote:
Yes

Location:
Bloomington, IL, US

Job Type:
Applications and Data Management

Date Posted:
November 22, 2022
Show Less 
ReportOverview:
Perform technical analysis, design, build and unit testing of application software changes. Demonstrate professional written and oral communication skills with co-workers and all levels of management.
**
*Responsibilities/Essential Functions: *
* *
Work with Business / Functional Analysts to understand business problems and develop technical solutions.

*

Develop unit test cases and unit test plans, conduct unit testing activities.
* *
Initiate contact with internal business organizations as well as external organizations as needed.

*

Demonstrate both oral and written communication skills.
* *
Adhere to departmental standards, processes, guidelines, and methodologies for all assigned tasks.

*

Achieve job-related educational and training goals.
* *
Provide application software / maintenance support.

*

Provide on-call application Production support.
* *
Perform other duties as required or assigned which are reasonably within the scope of the activities enumerated above.

*

Adhere to departmental standards, processes, guidelines, and methodologies for all assigned tasks.
**
*Knowledge/Skills/Abilities: *

Strong technical skills
Strong communication skills, both verbal and written
Strong organizational skills
Strong analytical skills

**
*Working Environment/Safety Requirements: *
* *
Clean, smoke-free office environment with badge-entry access
*

Adherence to OSHA safety guidelines, including COVID protocols
Regularly scheduled training reinforcing positive workplace behavior
Multiple optional Employee Resource Groups for inclusion and diversity
Aramark does not provide visa or other sponsorship for this position.
This location requires all individuals working on site to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19.

*
Experience/Qualifications: **

*

3+ years’ experience with Oracle E-Business Suite that include Oracle Receivables module.

Strong SQL, PL/SQL development skills
XML Publisher
Forms
Reports
Experience using SDLC
Preferred that candidate would have experience with Oracle Customer and Teleservices, Shell scripting, Work flow, Oracle Fusion Middleware Environment that includes Oracle Identity and Access Management, SOA/B2B, Web Center Content Management System

**
*License Requirements/Certifications: *
* *
Bachelor’s degree in related field or equivalent experience.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities*

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)
*

Job Type: Full-time

Start your job application: click Easy Apply

Show Less 
ReportSQL Power Bi Developer
If you are a SQL BI Developer and Database Admin with experience, please read on!

Based in beautiful Bothell, WA we are a hard-working , diverse, and inclusive company that specializes in recycling services for commercial, industrial, and construction clients. Due to growth and demand for our services, we are in need of hiring for a SQL Business Intelligence Developer and Database Administrator that possesses strong experience with BI Data Solutions, Microsoft Tools (SSAS, SSRS, SSIS, Excel and Excel Service), and SQL.

If you are interested in joining a growing company that pushes the envelope in recycling and definitely cares about providing a great working environment for its employees, then apply immediately!
What You Will Be Doing
Plan and create BI solutions
Monitor, fix, and debug BI solutions
Create queries for relational and multidimensional databases
Produce and distribute reports
Configure, deploy and maintain database servers
What You Need for this Position
Minimum of 5 years creating technical BI data solutions, ideally using Microsoft products (SSAS, SSRS, SSIS, Excel and Excel Services) Strong preference for prior database programming or programming analyst experience
Information technology bachelor's degree, or any relevant IT or business subject
Work collaboratively with the IT Director, CFO, and BI analysts to quickly build a world-class BI infrastructure.
Create SSIS packages that implement complex ETL processes and troubleshoot them.
Knowledge of Microsoft's ETL/data integration tools (SSIS and T-SQL scripts) is required.
Manage nighttime data processing to ensure continued success, diagnose, and fix any production-related problems.
Compliance with all development guidelines and standards, including as change management, code review, documentation, and testing
Inform and guide internal clients on the best ways to make use of the data they have access to.
Create connections with BI partners to comprehend data requirements and to execute user requirements and prototypes with perfection.
Good writing and verbal communication skills, particularly the capacity to convey complex ideas simply
Extensive experience creating stored procedures, views, functions, triggers, and sophisticated logical techniques, along with proven SQL skills.
Excel Services, SharePoint, and Microsoft Excel prowess: knowledge with SSRS, SSAS, and SSIS on SQL Server 2005 or 2008; experience with MDX a plus
Having knowledge of Web development services and technologies is a big benefit (ASP.NET, VB.NET, XML)
Data modeling experience a plus
Active Directory, OU, O365 Administration a plus
What's In It for You
- Competitive Salary $150,000 - $180,000
- 401k- Employer matched up to 4%

Dental, Health, and Vision Insurance
Two weeks paid vacation accrual to start
Parental leave
Referral program
Tuition reimbursement
$20,000 Employer Paid Base Life insurance
So, if you are a SQL Power Bi Developer with experience, please apply today!

Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.


CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
Show Less 
ReportAbout FAIR Health

FAIR Health, Inc., a national, independent nonprofit organization, was established in October 2009 with the mission to help assure fairness and transparency in health insurance information. FAIR Health has created a database of over 38 billion de-identified private healthcare claim records—the largest in the country—which receives claims monthly and which serves as the foundation for a variety of data products, custom analytics and consumer tools. FAIR Health has also been certified by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services as a “Qualified Entity” and thus holds the entire collection of Medicare Parts A, B and D claims from 2013 to the present, which get routinely refreshed.

Our standard data modules, custom analytics and technological tools serve all participants in the healthcare sector nationwide; they are licensed to payors, third-party administrators, bill review companies, self-insured employers, government agencies, academic researchers and consultants. Our medical and dental data are used to inform statutes and regulations, healthcare cost indices, fee schedules, benefit and provider network design, practice/facility expansion, health systems research and dispute resolution, among other uses. We also offer a suite of consumer-oriented tools and resources available on our consumer website (fairhealthconsumer.org), as well as a mobile application, which can be licensed by other organizations.

Summary of Position

The Junior Database Developer will be a SQL developer with a knowledge of ETL (extract-transform-load) who is responsible for design, development and delivery of data for external web applications. The successful candidate will be responsible for the integration business requirements and database technologies to facilitate optimal solutions to meet business requirements. The candidate will identify areas of potential risks and suggest improvements to mitigate them. The candidate will also be responsible for plans for long-term growth and needs where possible. The candidate will also be responsible for automation, standardization and documentation of applied methodologies within FAIR Health solution frameworks.

Primary Responsibilities

Primary MariaDB/MySQL database developer on external web applications
Primary Elasticsearch/Oracle developer
Add new products working from Oracle (source) to Elasticsearch (application source)
Maintain products through fulfillment release cycles
Work with business to define and refine requirements to work within existing frameworks and identify the modifications required to existing components in order to meet the business requirements
Work with application developers to provide solutions meeting business requirements featuring stability and flexibility in a timely manner
Create, document, maintain and validate backup and disaster recovery methodologies
Ensure compliance with regulatory requirements for data transmission, storage and data access including documentation, testing and remediation
Track and maintain work via Salesforce or RemedyForce
Automate routine processes such as product loads where possible using available tools: procedures, packages, bash scripts, etc.
Perform unit testing and system integration testing and assist with user acceptance testing
Ensure data quality throughout entire data management process
Observe information security policies and HIPAA guidelines of conduct to ensure the privacy and security of nonpublic information

Knowledge and Skill Requirements

Bachelor’s Degree in computer science or equivalent experience required
Working knowledge of ETL development
2-5 years of MariaDB, MySQL, Oracle with development of database procedures and functions
Working knowledge of Elasticsearch is a plus
Good working knowledge of Linux bash scripting
Ability to pick up new skills as business solutions require them
Self-motivating
Ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment
Excellent attention to detail
Strong communication and interpersonal skills
Strong organizational and time management skills

Salary is commensurate to experience at a range of $86,000 - $102,000

Ability to work from our New York City office or remote

FAIR Health, Inc., is an equal opportunity employer and is an E-Verify participant.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin.

FAIR Health offers a competitive compensation package and includes the following benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, Flexible Spending and Dependent Care Accounts, Life and Disability Insurance, Paid Time Off, Paid Holidays, 401(k) and Discretionary Bonus.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $86,000.00 - $102,000.00 per year

Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Retirement plan

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

What is your desired salary? Please provide a range.
How much notice (if any) will you need to provide to your current employer?

Work Location: Remote

Show Less 
Report*We are open to supporting 100% remote work anywhere within the US.*
ICF’s Data Modernization Division is a rapidly growing, entrepreneurial, technology-driven department, seeking motivated Sr. ServiceNow Developers (all levels) to support upcoming needs with our federal customers.
Our Data Modernization Division is an information technology and management consulting department that offers integrated, strategic solutions to its public and private-sector clients. ICF has the expertise, agility, and commitment to design, build, and operate high-performance IT engines to support all aspects of our client’s business.
The Work
At ICF, our ServiceNow Developers help support the mission, business, service, and operational needs of our customers. ICF’s ServiceNow Developers work on a wide variety of different programs to support diverse customer mission areas. We build solutions that support citizen services - such as systems that help detect fraud, waste, and abuse across federal programs, systems that help facilitate wireless spectrum auctions, and systems that support citizen engagement with regulatory and rulemaking processes - all using the ServiceNow platform. We also support new and novel employee services across our portfolio - such as improving employees' access to Human Resources business functions, our customer's business management, and stakeholder engagement capabilities, as well as core service and operations management needs of business stakeholders.
Responsibilities:
Formulate system scope and objectives.
Prepares detailed specifications for application builds.
Assist with user story creation and grooming.
Responsible for coding, testing, debugging, and creating technical documentation.
Technical knowledge and responsibility of all phases of applications systems analysis and programming.
Understands the business or function for which the application is designed.
Instructing, directing, and checking the work of other technical team members.
Adept at developing front-end portals, and back-end console development.
Experience with programming languages and databases including PHP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and JSON.
Experience building scoped applications.
Required Skills:
3+ years of experience developing on the ServiceNow platform.
5+ years of IT application system experience in technology solution delivery.
2+ years of experience with platform customization in relevant delivery platforms.
2+ years of experience with custom application development including Custom Service Portal widget creation.
2+ years of experience developing and customizing core applications such as Incident, Problem, Change, Knowledge, and Service Catalog.
2+ years of experience working and developing with JavaScript - HTML5, Jelly, jQuery, and AngularJS.
2+ years of experience leading and mentoring Junior ServiceNow team members.
2+ years of experience implementing systems using the Agile/Scrum methodology.
US Citizenship is required (required by the federal government for this position).
Must be able to obtain Public Trust clearance.
MUST RESIDE IN THE United States (U.S.) and the work MUST BE PERFORMED in the United States (U.S.), as this work is for a federal contract and laws do apply.
Preferred Skills:
Integration experience (SOAP, REST, and JSON as well as JDBC and file imports).
Experience integrating ServiceNow with an API-led Integration Platform such as MuleSoft or Apigee.
Administration of a ServiceNow instance including the management of users, groups, and roles, CMS Development, ACLs, business rules, workflows, UI actions, UI policies, dictionary, and catalog items Orchestration and Discovery experience is a plus.
Experience with rebuilding and refactoring legacy applications in ServiceNow is a plus.
Experience conducting ServiceNow instance upgrades.
ServiceNow Developer Certification is strongly preferred.
This is an outstanding opportunity to work with talented and passionate individuals and to grow with a firm that believes in nurturing talent and developing long-term career success. ICF is a purpose-driven company with a strong culture and underlying values that prize diversity, opportunity, equality, and respect. Our core values include Embracing Differences, and we seek candidates who are passionate about building a culture that encourages, embraces, and hires dimensions of differences.
#DMD
#SENW22
#LI-CC1
#Indeed
Working at ICF
Working at ICF means applying a passion for meaningful work with intellectual rigor to help solve the leading issues of our day. Smart, compassionate, innovative, committed, ICF employees tackle unprecedented challenges to benefit people, businesses, and governments around the globe. We believe in collaboration, mutual respect, open communication, and opportunity for growth.
We can only solve the world's toughest challenges by building an inclusive workplace that allows everyone to thrive. We are an equal opportunity employer, committed to hiring regardless of any protected characteristic, such as race, ethnicity, national origin, color, sex, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, disability status, or military/veteran status. Together, our employees are empowered to share their expertise and collaborate with others to achieve personal and professional goals. For more information, please read our
EEO & AA policy
.
Reasonable Accommodations are available, including, but not limited to, for disabled veterans, individuals with disabilities, and individuals with sincerely held religious beliefs, in all phases of the application and employment process. To request an accommodation please email
icfcareercenter@icf.com
and we will be happy to assist. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Read more aboutnon-discrimination:
EEO is the law
and
Pay Transparency Statement
.


Puerto Rico Remote Office (PR99)
Show Less 
ReportWhat We Need
FLEETCOR is currently looking to hire a Senior Data Scientist. This position falls under our Credit Analytics line of business. In this role, youwill be responsible for risk modeling for acquisition, account management and collection. This touches on actively maximizing the trade-off of revenue growth and risk using machine learning. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets, improving business outcomes and providing leadership teams with insights gained from data. If you can’t write your own SQL code to manipulate the data, build end-to-end machine learning models in Python (preferred) or R then this is not the right role for you.

The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for business model and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. The candidate must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. He/she must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data - based insights and must be comfortable working with a wide range of data types and requests, including financial and non-financial data.
You will report directly to the VP of SMB Central Operations and regularly collaborate with the team in the department.

How We Work
As a Data Scientist you will be expected to work in a virtual environment. FLEETCOR will set you up for success by providing:

Assigned workspace in a home office set up
Company-issued equipment + remote access
Monthly home internet stipend

Role Responsibilities

The responsibilities of the role will include:

Developing and maintain credit risk, fraud, collection models and algorithms to implement.
Identify business opportunities and strategic changes; monitor and modify models regularly for best model outcomes;
Researching internal and external (i.e., credit bureau data) data sources/attributes and ML/AI approaches to increase predictive power and optimize customer experiences, risk management, and other business outcomes
Developing processes and dynamic data dashboards to forecast risk and monitor model performance, alert of business risk based on underlying business & market trends
Implementing new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysis
Communicating analysis results and recommendations to stakeholders and leaders regularly and effectively

Qualifications & Skills

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math or related field required, Master degree preferred.
2-4 years of hands on experience with data processing, data mining, machine learning or deep learning under business environment required.
A strong track record of performing machine learning model development using Python/R (numpy, pandas, tensorflow, pytorch, scikit-learn, etc.) and SQL interaction patterns.
Solid knowledge and experience of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, GBM, neural networks, etc.) and their real-world applications.
Advanced analytical and problem-solving skills and ability to explain complex concepts succinctly and effectively
Experience in creating, visualizing and presenting data and insight using Tableau
Familiarity with Linux/OS X command line, version control software (git), and general software development principles with a machine learning software development life-cycle orientation.
Highly adaptable and comfortable with ambiguity. Ability to breakdown broad objectives in to tactical goals and effectively communicate to team.

Benefits & Perks

Automatic enrollment into our 401k plan (subject to eligibility requirements)
Virtual fitness classes offered company-wide
Robust PTO offerings including: major holidays, vacation, sick, personal, & volunteer time
Employee discounts with major providers (i.e. wireless, gym, car rental, etc.)
Philanthropic support with both local and national organizations
Fun culture with company-wide contests and prizes

Our Company & Purpose
FLEETCOR is a global leader in business payments, laser focused on developing smarter ways for businesses to pay their expenses. Since 2000, FLEETCOR has developed innovative digital solutions that help businesses better track, manage, and pay their expenses. Today, FLEETCOR is an S&P 500 company with hundreds of thousands of customers using our products in over 100 countries. Companies of all sizes, industries and geographies rely on our product portfolio to manage spending more quickly, efficiently and securely than ever before.
We embrace a culture grounded in five key values: integrity, collaboration, innovation, execution and people. These values offer you the opportunity to ‘thrive & grow’ through career development, volunteer, community, and wellness initiatives. This allows you to create a balance between professional goals and personal achievement.
FLEETCOR is also committed to building and nurturing a culture of diversity, inclusion, equality, and belonging by:

Welcoming people of different backgrounds, cultures, ethnicities, genders, and sexual orientations;
Empowering our people to share their experiences and ideas through open forums and individual conversations; and
Valuing each person’s unique perspectives and individual contributions.

Embracing diversity enables our people to “make the difference” as FLEETCOR and its more than 8,000 employees continue to shape the future of global payments. Learn more by visiting www.FLEETCOR.comor following FLEETCOR on LinkedIn.

Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer

FLEETCOR is an Equal Opportunity Employer. FLEETCOR provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, gender (including pregnancy), religion, national origin, ancestry, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, language, ancestry, genetic information, veteran and/or military status or any other group status protected by federal or local law. If you require reasonable accommodation for the application and/or interview process, please notify a representative of the Human Resources Department.
For more information about our commitment to equal employment opportunity and pay transparency, please click the following links: EEO and Pay TransparencyApply Now: click Easy ApplyShow Less  ReportAbout this role:


In this role, you will:
Design and author executive presentations, briefs, papers, and related materials focused on performance + talent management strategy.
Create a library of thought leadership content for both internal and external audiences.
Partner with HR business leaders and HR Centers of Excellence to plan and implement roadmap initiatives.
Network across HR / build trust-based relationships in support of ideating new ways of delivering content and presentations.
Leverage data, insights, and external benchmarking & research to maximize drive thought leadership and perspective.
Partner with applicable communications, engagement and change management teams to develop employee-facing content that will drive & market Performance + Talent initiatives
Establish and execute a communication strategy to keep internal partners advised on the team's work and ensure timely delivery of strategic initiatives
Required Qualifications, US:
5+ years of Business Execution, Implementation, or Strategic Planning experience, or equivalent demonstrated through one or a combination of the following: work experience, training, military experience, education.
5+ years of experience in a content development and advisory capacity - with particular focus on Performance Management, Talent Management, Leadership Development, Employee Engagement, Strategic Planning, Organizational Effectiveness, and / or Culture Change.
PowerPoint expert who can create compelling, succinct, simple, and engaging presentations.
Excellent visual storytelling and graphic design skills.
Strong written communicator, with superb writing, project management skills, and business acumen.
Proven ability to influence senior leaders.
Desired Qualifications:
Thought leader - at the forefront of industry trends, constantly seeking new ideas, external perspectives, market research to inform strategy / design recommendations
Strong strategic and analytical skills - with background in leveraging data to tell the right story.
Exceptional ability to influence senior executive stakeholders, flexing style and approach as required in a range of complex situations with diverse audiences.
Master's degree or higher in human resources, business, industrial-organizational psychology, marketing, or similar graphic design-oriented field.
Strong change management skills, technology proficiency, systems thinking and quality orientation.
Significant experience designing, implementing, and recommending large-scale change programs (culture, people, processes, systems-related), leadership development, employee engagement, career management, and / or performance management programs.
Strong experience developing partnerships, collaborating, and influencing across various partner groups, lines of business, and/or Centers of Excellence; ability to work effectively in a team environment.
Experience working in a large, complex, global organization, preferably in a regulated industry.
Outstanding problem solving and decision-making skills.
Previous Workday experience - specifically within the broader talent portfolio.
Advanced Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Access, and Project) skills.
Job Expectations:
Willingness to work on-site at stated locations on the job opening. In office 3 days/week.
Ability to travel up to 15% of the time.
We Value Diversity


At Wells Fargo, we believe in diversity, equity and inclusion in the workplace; accordingly, we welcome applications for employment from all qualified candidates, regardless of race, color, gender, national origin, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, individuals with disabilities, pregnancy, marital status, status as a protected veteran or any other status protected by applicable law.


Employees support our focus on building strong customer relationships balanced with a strong risk mitigating and compliance-driven culture which firmly establishes those disciplines as critical to the success of our customers and company. They are accountable for execution of all applicable risk programs (Credit, Market, Financial Crimes, Operational, Regulatory Compliance), which includes effectively following and adhering to applicable Wells Fargo policies and procedures, appropriately fulfilling risk and compliance obligations, timely and effective escalation and remediation of issues, and making sound risk decisions. There is emphasis on proactive monitoring, governance, risk identification and escalation, as well as making sound risk decisions commensurate with the business unit's risk appetite and all risk and compliance program requirements.


Candidates applying to job openings posted in US: All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.


Candidates applying to job openings posted in Canada: Applications for employment are encouraged from all qualified candidates, including women, persons with disabilities, aboriginal peoples and visible minorities. Accommodation for applicants with disabilities is available upon request in connection with the recruitment process.To apply to this job, click Apply NowShow Less  ReportRESPONSIBILITIES:
Kforce has a client in search of a talented Senior ETL Developer in Plano, TX. This position may be available full time for a remote or hybrid opportunity.

Job Description:
In this role, the Senior ETL Developer is responsible for developing data flow architectures (designed by an ETL Architect) within various integration patterns for loading analytical structures (DW, DM, ODS etc.), or integrating and migrating applications (EAI). In doing so, the Senior ETL Developer leverages industry-strength data movement technologies such as InfoSphere DataStage, Informatica PowerCenter or others.

Responsibilities:

Configure and customize the chosen ETL tool for client installations
Optimally leverage the ETL tool components for developing efficient solutions for data management, conversion, migration and integration
Develop overall design and determine division of labor across various architectural components (for example ETL tool vs. database)
Deploy and customize Standard Architecture components
Mentor client personnel; Train junior staff on the Integration Methodologies and related supplemental solutions
Support development of task plans including schedule and effort estimation, under the guidance of an ETL Architect
REQUIREMENTS:

5+ years of experience
ETL experience using either Informatica or Data Stage
Experience with Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence project implementations; Leadership experience a plus
Experience in working directly with business customers
SQL skills including complex query building and query performance tuning
Data analysis skills - ability to dig in and understand complex models and business processes
UDB, SQL Server, Oracle, My SQL, Netezza or Teradata database experience
UNIX shell scripting skills (primarily in COBOL, Perl)
Understanding of Data warehousing design concepts/skills
Data profiling experience
Strong ETL performance tuning skills; Ability to quickly and efficiently analyze and resolve performance issues within variety of operational environments
Ability to analyze data concerning production volumes, batch schedules, and i/o statistics
Microsoft Office (Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access) experience
ETL experience using either Informatica or Data Stage or an equivalent technology
SQL

UNIX shell scripting experience
Preferred:

Dimensional data modeling skills
Familiar with Agile Development Methodology
StarTeam Software Configuration Management Tool
SAS experience
Business Objects experience (Webi, Xcelsius, Crystal Reports) or an equivalent technology
MS Analysis Services knowledge
General Host knowledge
Experience with Control-m scheduling tool
Proficiency in scripting (in order of preference): Korn, Perl
Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 
Report