· 3+ years in relevant experience as Business Intelligence Engineer, Data Engineer, Business Analyst, Data Scientist, or equivalent. · Proficiency with data querying or modeling technique with SQL · Experience with data visualization using QuickSight, Tableau, or similar tools · Proficiency with a scripting language (Java, Python, or R) · Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Statistics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Business Analytics, Information Systems or related field

Job summary
We are looking for Business Intelligence Engineers to apply their talents to create new BI solutions, providing cutting edge insights and analytics that help tell the story of how our Stores Security programs are performing.

Our Stores Security teams span over ten countries worldwide, and our focus areas include security intelligence, application security, incident response, security operations, risk and compliance, acquisitions and subsidiaries, and external partner security.

What makes this role different than all the others out there? Simple: scope. You get the opportunity to work with every part of our Stores Security team plus external business stakeholders. You will be working on a large number of complex migration projects and be given a lot of independence. This is a new focus area for Stores Security, so you have the opportunity to put your stamp on it.

Amazon.com strives to be Earth's most customer-centric company where people can discover virtually anything they want to buy online. The world's brightest minds come to Amazon.com to research and develop technology that improves the lives of shoppers, developers, publishers, and sellers around the world. Amazon's vision is to offer the Earth's largest selection and lowest prices to our customers.

Key job responsibilities
We are building a team of professionals that are forward-looking and using the latest technology offerings (AWS cloud services, Machine Learning, Mathematical Optimization, Relational and NoSQL databases) to build new capability to operationalize and automate migration methodologies.

Manage the business metrics reporting process and perform ad hoc reporting requests
Drive process efficiency and automation
Partnering with engineering, product, business and finance teams to create key performance indicators and new methodologies for measurement.
Own key executive reports and metrics that are consumed by our VPs and Directors.
Provide thought leadership in global business deep dives across a variety of key performance indicators.
Retrieve and analyze data from database tables (ex. Redshift, Oracle), and learn and understand a broad range of Amazon’s data resources and know how, when, and which to use and which not to use.
Analyze volumes of data to find the root causes behind variances and drive insights.
Build new analytical tools, interfacing with business and technical stakeholders
Develop models and metrics providing insights on customer and seller experience and performance

This position may be located in Austin TX, Arlington VA, New York or Seattle, with other locations possible.



About the team
You will join a team that drives the automation of authoritative datasets that facilitate business analysis and track performance of our Stores Security organization. You have a track record of using those datasets and insights to work directly with business and product teams to drive change within your business. You will work directly with business owners and program managers to translate ambiguous situations into technical implementations that deliver business recommendations that exceed the expectation of your business partners. You understand that automation is key to your success and constantly find techniques to ensure automation and derived datasets are a feature of all your data activities.

· 5+ years in relevant experience as a Business Intelligence Engineer, Data Engineer, Business Analyst, Data Scientist, or equivalent. · Strong fundamentals in problem-solving, algorithm design and complexity analysis. · Experience in data mining, SQL, ETL, etc. and using databases in a business environment with large-scale, complex datasets. · Master’s degree in BI, Finance, Engineering, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Finance or related field required Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less **REMOTE OPPORTUNITY**

EmBark is currently seeking an experienced IAM specialist with specific skills within SailPoint IIQ. This is a highly visible role at the start of a multi-phase enterprise level initiative.

3+ years of software design and development, including at least 3+ years of development experience with Identity and Access Management technologies (SailPoint IIQ or IdentityNow).

3+ years of design, development and support experience with SailPoint IdentityIQ (IIQ) including Life Cycle Manager (LCM) and Compliance Manager(CM) which includes hands on experience with the following SailPoint IdentityIQ components such as but not limited to Workflows, Rules, Connectors, Security Policies, Aggregation Jobs, Roles, Certification Campaigns and Application Integration.

Experience integrating IAM solutions within an SAP environment.

Experience working in DevOps environment, automation first mindset, ability to leverage coding/scripting skills and working experience with APIs.

Ability to compose, articulate and present complex technical issues to both technicians and clients to gain consensus.

Exposure to all and expert knowledge in three or more of the following technologies: Automated Provisioning, Directory Services, Application On-Boarding, Password Management, Re-certifications, Access Requests, Access Review, Delegation, Dynamic Organizations, Role based Security & Access Control, Customer Identity Management.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $45.00 - $60.00 per hour

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

SailPoint IIQ: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Show Less 1+ years of experience contributing to the system design or architecture (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems.
2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience
Programming experience with at least one software programming language.



Job summary
AWS has the most services and more features within those services than any other cloud provider–from infrastructure technologies like compute, storage, and databases–to emerging technologies, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, data lakes and analytics, and the Internet of Things. AWS Platform is the glue that holds the AWS ecosystem together. Whether it's Identity features such as access management and Sign-on, cryptography, console, builder & developer tools, and even projects like automating all of our contractual billing systems, AWS Platform is always innovating with the customer in mind. The AWS Platform team sustains over 750 million transactions per second.

AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) enables customers to secure their workloads in the cloud by providing authentication and authorization mechanisms. With the growth of AWS, the workloads and access patterns keep evolving, demanding the next order of magnitude scalability. We are looking for strong software engineers to build the next generation functionality in this area. Individuals interested in this position should have experience building high-performing, reliable systems in a complex, multi-tiered, and distributed environment in a fast-paced environment.

We desire you to have an established background in design, development and operations of highly scalable and available distributed systems. You must have strong technical skills, excellent project management skills, great communication skills, and a motivation to achieve results in a fast-paced environment. It is a highly technical space. You are a strong technical contributor who understands the big picture, drives prioritization, builds consensus, and rallies the team behind it. Responsibilities include driving architecture, design, and implementation of complex components while maintaining an uncompromising bar on quality and mentoring junior developers for software within the team.

About Us
Inclusive Team Culture
Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.

Work/Life Balance
Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.

Mentorship & Career Growth
Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.



Experience running and maintaining a 24x7 production environment
Experience with very large distributed systems such as large-scale distributed database systems, storage farms, and/or horizontally scaled request processing fleets
Exceptional customer focus including the ability to discover the true requirements underlying feature requests, recommend alternative technical and business approaches, and lead engineering efforts to meet ambitious timelines with optimal solutions
Prior experience in defining, scoping and pitching the business and technical vision for a complicated area within a highly technical domain.
Strong written and verbal communication skills

#AWS-UtilityComputing-Jobs

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 4+ years of professional software development experience
3+ years of programming experience with at least one software programming language
2+ years of experience contributing to the system design or architecture (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems
Experience as a mentor, tech lead OR leading an engineering team



Job summary
AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) team has an open seat for an experienced Senior Software Development Engineer who is looking to further advance their career and has professional interest and ambition in shaping technical direction for one of the most critical AWS services.

As part of IAM, you will further deepen your technical expertise and grow proficiency in distributed software design, navigate operational challenges of a global, highly available system under load, and hone your leadership and mentorship skills. You will collaborate with and learn from some of the strongest software, security and infrastructure engineers in the industry, and leverage Amazon's ample resources to innovate in on behalf of our customers.

Key job responsibilities


About the team
At AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) we build and operate authentication and authorization stack for the AWS cloud, including foundational APIs such as IAM User, Role and Policy management. We build distributed, highly available, fault tolerant mission-critical software and operate it on the global scale, own our systems end-to-end, innovate and influence the direction of technology used by all AWS services and AWS customers around the world.

Our mission is to equip our customers with state-of-the-art tools to manage access to their AWS resources and ensure that their AWS environments are provably secure. Year over year, we aim to increase the flexibility of controls and reduce the complexity of configurations, positioning our customers to implement security best practices with ease.

Mentorship & Career Development
As a senior member of the IAM engineering team you will experience no shortage of great technical challenges that will propel your software engineering career to the next level. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures and thoughtfully invest in creating growth opportunities for team members, building an environment that celebrates collaboration, knowledge sharing and mentorship. You will be working in close partnership with senior and principal engineers as well as senior leaders to charter the technical path, and coach and mentor other members of your team to help make your vision a reality.

Hybrid Work Options Available
We value your time to innovate and recognize the need for heads down time to focus on a build. We also value in-person collaboration and time spent face-to-face. Our team affords engineers with options to work in the office every day, work remotely, or be in a flexible hybrid schedule, combining working from home with occasional in-person work meetings at the nearest Amazon office.



BS/MS in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering discipline or equivalent work experience
Strong fundamental Computer Science knowledge, fluency with common algorithms, data structures and design patterns
Strong software architecture knowledge, familiarity with distributed systems design patterns and paradigms
Hands-on experience building and operating large mission-critical distributed software systems
Experience unpacking high-level problem statements, discovering the foundational unmet customer needs, proposing and evaluating multiple options and translating it into well-scoped technical documents
Ability to productively collaborate across roles, team and organizational boundaries, defining, scoping and pitching technical solutions
Ability to drive productive collaboration with other engineers, establish a shared architectural vision, break down the work, oversee and course-correct execution and integration
Experience mentoring software engineers for development of their functional skills and mindset, and through that further accelerating the team

The base pay range for this position is $ 168,070– 275,140/YR. Pay is based on market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. A sign-on payment and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. Applicants should apply via Amazon's internal or external careers site.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less 7+ years of experience of implementing large data lakes or data warehousing and data modeling.
Experience in data integration to automate business processes.
4+ years of experience in implementing data ingestion workflows via streaming or batch data pipelines
Experience in implementing and using RESTful APIs for an API-first application architecture
Expertise in Elastic search queries and aggregations.
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, EKS, Athena.


Job summary
At Amazon, we are obsessed with customer trust. Information Security enables Amazon business leaders to securely develop and operate to maintain Customer Trust by guarding the confidentiality and integrity of Amazon and customer data.

Our teams focus areas include: Enterprise Access risk reduction, access health best practices, managing preventive and detective access health controls. Our mission includes instilling awareness and controls to safeguard all customer and employee data, applications, services, and assets. To accomplish this, we unite with Amazon organizations to identify access risks and manage them pro-actively.

Key job responsibilities
This role is for a Data Engineer - Identity & Access Management (IAM) who will work on building data solutions for processing large scale access events, deriving access patterns and presenting them to various stakeholders via a consolidated product layer. As a Data Engineer in the IAM space, you will work on the development of new Access Health products or refactoring existing data management solutions, aimed at identifying risky variances in access patterns.

A day in the life
Your day-to-day job responsibilities will include:

Design, implement and successfully deliver large scale, critical data solutions to identify access risks at scale.
Adopt an iterative, continuous improvement approach to release and deploy product features.
Work in an agile environment, collaborate with peers on designs, technical refinements and customer issues.
Improve business and engineering team processes via data architecture
Build access risk detection capabilities by processing large scale access log information.
Lead design reviews to ensure all data management efforts are tactically aligned.
Demonstrate the ability to communicate effectively at various organization levels.


Experience in building large scale data lifecycle management solutions in Identity & Access management domain.
Experience in building data models with large data sets.
Working knowledge of AWS compute, data and other security capabilities.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less A financial services company in California is looking to add a new Identity & Access Management Engineer to their Cybersecurity team in a Remote capacity. In this role, the Identity & Access Management Engineer (Remote)will be responsible for developing and driving critical access control development, implementation, and maintenance.

Responsibilities:

The Identity & Access Management Engineer (Remote) will be responsible for:

Lead development and maintenance of the core identity platforms
Build a team that will succeed in a fast-paced scaled agile environment and meet the needs of customers and business partners
Collaborates with the Architecture, Service Development, and Application Development teams in the building of access controls for interactive user logins as well as security application to application communications
Sustain a highly available and resilient identity platform through the application of modern technology service management principles
Support development of strategy, vision and roadmap implementation of authentication, authorization, and identity governance controls
Develop strong working relationships with other leaders in the information technology organization by providing continuous assistance and thought leadership
Establish and maintains relationships with suppliers and business partners in the IAM industry
Educate, coaches, and mentors a team on technical, company policy & procedures, and other topics
Establish and maintain access controls for company Azure and GCP platforms

Qualifications:

5+ years of experience managing Cybersecurity professionals
Bachelor's Degree
CISSP, Azure or GCP certifications, or similar industry recognized certification
Strong knowledge of Networks, Linux systems, Windows systems, web applications, and scripting languages
Strong knowledge of Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform, or other cloud frameworks
Must be able to demonstrate access control implementation in GCP and Azure
Knowledge of Active Directory, Azure Active Directory and Azure related security features
Strong knowledge of tools used for authentication, MFA, certificate management and identity governance
Strong knowledge of Common Attack tools, concepts, and frameworks
Great interpersonal skills
Excellent communication skills (written and verbal)
Strong atteniton ot detail
Highly organized

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less Abiomed is a pioneer and global leader in healthcare technology and innovation, with a mission of Recovering Hearts & Saving Lives. With corporate headquarters in Danvers, Massachusetts, and offices in Baltimore, MD, Woburn, MA, Aachen & Berlin, Germany and Tokyo, Japan, Abiomed’s 2,000 employees form one of the fastest growing medical device companies in the world. We attract and retain exceptional talent with our collaborative culture, passion for our work, and a strong commitment to employee professional development.


Patients First | Innovation | Winning Culture | Heart Recovery


Job Description

We are seeking an Identity and Access Management Engineer to serve as a member of our Global IT Team.

You will be responsible for assisting with daily operational tasks including administration within Active Directory, Azure AD, OKTA and other identity governance and administration related tasks as assigned. Additionally, you will be responsible for supporting the planning, design, development and deployment of centralized identity and access management (IAM) solutions for Abiomed. Supports the planning, design, and delivery of the enterprise-level IAM program including access management, SSO federation and SaaS / PaaS cloud technologies.

This role will work with teams such as Development, Architecture, Security, Engineering and Operations to come up with optimized IAM solutions.


Major Tasks and Responsibilities:
Provide knowledge and act as a subject matter expert on key principles of (IAM) with an in-depth knowledge in the areas of authentication and authorization systems, identity, and access management
Manage user, group, and system objects through the lifecycle including provisioning, updates, deactivation, and deletion in accordance with established processes.
Responsible for deploying and maintaining Access Management tool Okta and work with vendors for creating the workflows
Collaborate with IT teams to ensure that user and system account roles are designed considering principles of least privilege and segregation of duties
Provide infrastructure and solutions that provide optimal and secure SSO experiences to employees, contractors, and consumers.
Work with the application owners and application developers to design and implement the operational processes best suited to their application.
Design, document, and communicate Identity and Access Management standards, processes, procedures, workflows and associated metrics
Act as an escalation point and conduct root cause analysis and makes recommendations to improve IAM processes or prevent future occurrence of issues
Perform tasks such as collecting logs, analyzing failure conditions, troubleshooting issues/incidents.
Ensure that IAM services are closely monitored for availability and resiliency
Assist with Identity and Access Management related initiatives
Identify and evaluate complex business and technology risks, map to internal controls which mitigate risks, and relay opportunities for automation/transformation improvements.
Required Qualifications:


5-7 years of experience in IT, preferably in Security
Valid Okta Certification
Identity and Access Management experience
Expert knowledge of Access Management technologies and knowledge of cloud identities
In-depth understanding of modern authentication solutions using SAML/OAuth/OIDC
In depth knowledge of Directory services such as LDAP, Microsoft Active Directory, Azure
Proven track record in the area IAM security
Capable in all information security domains including regulatory compliance, risk assessments, controls implementations, governance frameworks and audit processes.
Ability to collaborate with high-performance teams and individuals to drive results.
Able to integrate with cloud based IAM vendors.
Demonstrated customer service orientated work ethic.
Familiarity with ITIL and ITSM processes and ServiceNow tool
Desired Qualifications:


Bachelors/Master’s degree in technology and related fields.
IAM and Security related certifications preferable
CISSP, CISM, and/or International Information System Security Certification Consortium certification is a plus.
NIST and/or SOC2 experience a plus
Technical Documentation Knowledge in Confluence or a similar System


Abiomed is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to a diverse workforce. Abiomed will not discriminate against any worker or job applicant on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or civil partnership status, pregnancy, gender reassignment, non-job related mental or physical disability, genetic information, veteran status, military service, application for military service, or membership in any other category protected under law. Abiomed maintains a drug-free workplace.

Show Less About S2:

S2 eliminates risks of separate red- and blue-teams by creating continuously optimized cybersecurity for the modern, constant-threat landscape. Our centralized adversary simulation, detection and response platform, Mage, uses advanced tradecraft to provide continuous red team-as-a-service. With Mage, we find weaknesses before adversaries do, so that every threat is an opportunity for improvement. Deployed as-a-service, S2 makes advanced real-time cybersecurity accessible for all organizations. With smart automation and continuous testing, we help you focus on the most imminent and most critical risks to your enterprise.

S2 is a Small Business that is focused solely on cybersecurity and specializes in Adversary Simulation, Protection and Prevention services. We were founded by cybersecurity experts trained by the National Security Agency (NSA) who were joined by senior cybersecurity entrepreneurs with proven expertise within the Federal Government. We are a growing community of cyber professionals seeking like-minded individuals who are passionate about cybersecurity, seek innovation in our everyday work, hold ourselves and those around us accountable, and have a will to win.

S2. Relentlessly secure.

Stage 2 Security (S2) is seeking a Security Engineer who will work with enterprise network architecture and engineering team supporting our Federal customer. As the Security Engineer you will work at supporting Technology Evaluation and Integration projects to identification of functional requirements; developing the business case, identity and access management, mobility, asset management, imaging, application and systems development, collaboration capabilities, cloud hosting, and communication services; developing and maintaining an Enterprise Technology Strategy and Target Architecture, establishing architecture standards, and developing the conceptual and logical designs for DHS CISA/OCIO related systems.


Location: Remote US-based, must work EST time zones (DC Metro Area Preferred)

Responsibilities:

Responsible for Security Standards and Design

Conduct Requirements Analysis

Develop the business case for implementation of new CISA enterprise network

Research and identify adoption of higher protocol (Layer 5-7) security techniques to include Protocol security, OWASP top ten, and API protections

Perform evaluation of DNS over HTTPS and TLS

Review, Design, and implement firewall changes on multiple vendor firewall landscape.

Design and automation of security scanning as part of daily integration activities to continuously assess code and remediate vulnerabilities early in the development lifecycle

Define and plan processes for implementing application security initiatives compliant with customer set security requirements and certifications

Research, identify, design, and implement solutions as well as perform application security vulnerability assessments and scans to identify, evaluate and mitigate security risks, threats, and vulnerabilities in Kubernetes clusters in AWS cloud and on-prem environments

Document and communicate all security related configuration and guidelines for the portfolio application teams

Actively involved at all phases of the development lifecycle to promote code reuse which uses inherited preapproved Risk Management Framework (RMF) controls to achieve faster ATO

Responsible for confirming security-relevant design changes and raise “outPatterns” to CISA ISSM’s and ISSOs for early assessment

Design integrate custom code to generate security-relevant events for the CISA Security Operations Center (SOC), enhancing operational monitoring

Perform evaluation and onboarding CISA approved security tools ex SAST, vulnerability and open-source scanning into the Security DevOps life cycle

Define best practices in security hardening, patching, granular role-based access, system administration, and configuration


Education, Skill, and Experience Requirements:

BA or equivalent experience and 5+ years of prior relevant experience OR Masters with 8+ years or prior relevant experience:

At least 5+ years of experience working in a security role handling on-premise and cloud infrastructures

Strong experience with access control lists, IPSEC tunneling, and IPS/IDS

Strong experience on Continuous Integration/ Continuous Testing/ Continuous Delivery processes and tools

Proficient in Cisco, Palo Alto, and Juniper Firewalls

Experience with Splunk, and Zscaler

Experience with Cisco identity tools, network monitoring tools, and switches/routers

Experience with F5 load balancers (GTM, APM, ASM)

Experience with active directory, SAML, and Kerberos

Excellent communication and written skills

Must be able to provide proof of U.S. Citizenship and be able to obtain a DHS Clearance with CISA


S2 is a small business where people come first, and we know and care about each and every employee. This drives us to provide the best possible benefits and we believe that the benefits we offer are a notch above the rest.

The Benefits at S2 include:

Medical & dental insurance premiums are 100% paid by S2 for the employee and eligible dependents

Up to $100 per month reimbursed for mobile phone expenses

Up to $50 per month reimbursed for home Internet access

Expenses paid for approved work-related trainings & conferences

Eligibility to participate in our 401k program after 90 days of employment

Competitive salary, which is paid semi-weekly (twice per month)

Participation in S2 Unlimited PTO Program

11 paid government holidays annually

10 paid sick days

Stage 2 Security welcomes and encourages diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or veteran status.

If you are looking to make an impact, Stage 2 Security is the place for you.




YP8idVttOE

Show Less 
ReportAbout the Opportunity
Reporting directly to the Chief Information Security Office (CISO), this role contributes to the Identity and Access Management program at Northeastern University’s global campus system.
You will be responsible for contributing to IAM component designs, IAM service development, service integration, implementation, and operations of university wide IAM services for all faculty, staff, students, parents, alumni, vendors, and University technology partners.
As an IAM engineer you will be knowledgeable and have demonstrable experience with the following: Modern approaches to IAM with Microsoft Azure/AD/SSO, OAuth, OpenID, and SAML; expert knowledge of identity provisioning with IGAs (e.g. Saviynt); Role-based access control. Experience with DevOps/SRE methodologies and background in automation/IaC/GitOps.
At Team ITS, your success matters as much as the mission. Learn more about our flexible, highly dynamic, and values-first culture at
careers.its.northeastern.edu
.
This position is eligible for remote work.
Qualifications
The minimum education, experience, and skills required to perform the job successfully.
Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems or Computer Science and/or equivalent combination of education and work experience.
Five years of professional IT experience, preferably within the domain areas of Identity and Access Management.
Expert knowledge of Microsoft’s AzureAD/SSO/Active Directory and SAML with a strong focus on access control via RBAC/ABAC.
Well-versed in the information security issues affecting educational entities and cloud-based application service providers.
Ability to assess computer systems and business processes for security risks.
Excellent interpersonal, communication, and presentation skills, including formal report writing experience.
Experience working in Agile teams with Scrum/Kanban/etc.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with coding in Python or Groovy to transfer, manipulate identity data, and accomplish process automation.
Experience with Saviynt’s IGA platform.
Experience with Grouper and Shibboleth.
Key Responsibilities
Responsible for technical delivery and integration for authentication, authorization, identity provisioning, and identity governance and administration (IGA) solutions across all University systems, audience types, and applications.
Without direct supervision, perform tasks required to ensure customer satisfaction and departmental SLA's are achieved.
Provide Tier 1, 2, and 3 support to customers on the services provided by the department.
Provide accurate and effective documentation on all issues and problems.
Provide training and documentation to Tier 1 support and other department team members on emerging issues.
Responsible for IAM system production support (may require outside of regular hours as needed)
Position Type
Information Technology
Additional Information
Northeastern University is an equal opportunity employer, seeking to recruit and support a broadly diverse community of faculty and staff. Northeastern values and celebrates diversity in all its forms and strives to foster an inclusive culture built on respect that affirms inter-group relations and builds cohesion.
All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
To learn more about Northeastern University’s commitment and support of diversity and inclusion, please see
www.northeastern.edu/diversity
.
Show Less 
ReportAbout the role

At Uber, we provide centralized, reliable, and interactive observability solutions to support the overall reliability of Uber engineering. Reliability Data Platform is part of the observability organization, and is responsible for building reliability metrics governance infrastructure that offers metrics onboarding, calculating and rolling up through self-help experience. The team develops both short term and long term insights from various raw data sources. The insights we deliver serves for both executive level overview, as well as service or endpoint level drill down analysis.

We're an agile team with diverse backgrounds from companies such as Google, Microsoft, Amazon, LinkedIn, Facebook, Cisco and many startups. We dream big, aim high, and practice grounded execution. Come join our team to solve tough system challenges, develop data insights and raise the bar of reliability for Uber.
What will the candidate do
Support a high performance engineering team mixed of both backend and frontend engineers
Provide technical leadership, and drive technical direction for the reliability data platform
Collaborate with other infrastructure teams, production engineer team and product manager to support engineering fundamental programs and drive adoption
Work closely with internal and external teams and other cross functional disciplines to build product vision
Basic qualifications

BS or higher degree in Computer Science, or a related technical discipline, or equivalent experience.
Relevant engineering team build and people management experience.
Strong problem solving skills, with relevant experience in big data analysis and data pipeline infrastructure.
Proficient in one or more backend languages, like Java, Go, C/C++, C#, with the ability to pick up new ones quickly.
Preferred qualifications
This role requires a lot of organizational alignment and consensus building - excellent written and verbal communication skills is a huge plus.
Passionate about pursuing technical excellence and mentoring engineers.
Batch and stream data process pipeline experience is a plus.

At Uber, we reimagine the way the world moves for the better. The idea was born on a snowy night in Paris in 2008, and ever since then, our DNA of reimagination and reinvention carries on. We’ve grown into a global platform moving people and things in ever-expanding ways, taking on big problems to help drivers, riders, delivery partners, and eaters make movement happen at the push of a button for everyone, everywhere.

We welcome people from all backgrounds who seek the opportunity to help build a future where everyone and everything can move independently. If you have the curiosity, passion, and collaborative spirit, work with us, and let’s move the world forward, together.

Uber is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.

Offices continue to be central to collaboration and Uber’s cultural identity. Unless formally approved to work fully remotely, Uber expects employees to spend at least half of their work time in their assigned office. For certain roles, such as those based at green-light hubs, employees are expected to be in-office for 100% of their time. Please speak with your recruiter to better understand in-office expectations for this role.

Uber is committed to a safe workplace. We have implemented COVID-19 safety protocols that meet or exceed local public health guidelines. Workplace safety remains our number one priority. As a result, Uber recommends all US- and Canada-based employees to be vaccinated in order to access any of our facilities; this is subject to change solely at the Company’s discretion.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportAbout the Team

It’s an exciting time in technology, and that buzz is felt throughout PetSmart! We are continuing to grow at a faster pace and we want to continue to provide best-in-class experiences for pets and pet parents. Our IT team has 4 different departments: Information Security, IT Service Delivery, Business Enabling Systems, and IT Commerce & Customer Engagement.


Whether it’s online or in our stores, the work that the IT team does is instrumental in PetSmart’s success. We have a strategic and actionable plan underway and are looking for associates who are just as excited about it as we are.


About the Job


Security Engineer – Identity and Access Management


This position is for a security-minded individual with a background in Identity and Access Management technologies. The Security Engineer will participate in evaluating, developing, and implementing security tools, standards, procedures, and guidelines for multiple platforms and diverse systems environments. They will have the ability to learn on a variety of security technologies, but with primary responsibilities in the Identity and Access Management space. This position will require an individual who can work well with both technical and non-technical business partners.


ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Architect, develop, implement, and support Identity and Access Management systems
Support and champion PetSmart’s Identity and Access Management strategy
Determine whether in-house information systems are in compliance with existing policies, standards, architectures, procedures, laws, regulations, and other requirements
Participate as a technical security advisor for a variety of IS projects
Stay informed about the latest developments in the information security field, including new products and services, changing technical capabilities, and evolving industry standards

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE

2+ years relevant industry experience in information security and/or Identity and Access Management, or the equivalent combination of education, technical training, or work/military experience
A working familiarity with Identity and Access Management technologies
CISSP, CISM, CISA, SANS, Novell, Okta, SailPoint, or Microsoft certifications a plus

QUALIFICATIONS:

Experience designing or managing Active Directory environment (Users, Groups, GPOs, etc.)
Experience architecting or managing identity and access management systems
Experience with Okta, including building new integrations
Experience managing LDAP directories
Experience building automation using product APIs
Experience leveraging and troubleshooting authentication and authorization technologies (SAML, OAuth, RADIUS, Kerberos, etc.)
Technical understanding of network fundamentals and common Internet protocols
Demonstrated technical knowledge and working experience with common IT Platforms: Windows, Linux, AIX, SAP, Directory Services, Google Cloud Platform, Azure, Salesforce Cloud, etc.
Ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical personal.
Ability to explain complex security and IAM topics to a business audience

Desired:

Knowledge of common Internet protocols including HTTP, TLS, DNS, etc.
Experience implementing or managing Privileged Access Management platforms and/or Identity Governance platforms
Familiarity with PCI, SOX, Common Criteria, NIST, ISO 27000 series or other compliance regulations/standards
Cloud security experience
Hands on experience with SailPoint
Hands on experience with CyberArk
Scripting experience with JavaScript, PowerShell, Python, or similar and familiarity with SOAP, XML, and/or REST

About the Culture


Our home office offers outstanding amenities in a fun and rewarding workplace including:

Pet friendly environment, bring your pets to work!
A work-life balance and family events such as movie nights, art events and holiday festivals
“Top Dog” gym with equipment, fitness classes, massage therapists and personal trainers
“Sit & Stay” Café serving fresh breakfast and lunch options
On-site coffee bar
“Lil’ Paws” learning center and onsite daycare facility
Volunteer events with PetSmart Charities
Learn more about #LifeAtPetSmart here: https://www.lifeatpetsmart.com/life-at-petsmart/
Check out Associate stories and share in some celebrations at PetSmart: https://www.blog.lifeatpetsmart.com/
Explore PetSmart Benefits here: https://benefits.petsmart.com/

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less Acara Solutions is looking for a Software Engineer for our client located in Herndon, VA

Process collection data to move, unpack, decrypt, decode, store, tag and disseminate
Create application programming interfaces (APis) to package and disseminate data to mission partners
Create access control mechanism to access collection data
Implement standard interfaces, formats, and application processes
Build data models and analytics to support mission needs
Implement and document RESTful API structures that communicate across data management components to include user interface, data flow, data ingestion, monitoring and dissemination

Pay and Benefits:

The Salary for this position is $ 84.13 per hour (Max Pay rate).




Required Skills / Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in computer science or information systems or engineering or mathematics or scientific or technical discipline
Minimum of 11 years' experience in Extract, Transform, and Load (ETL) data engineering
Minimum of 11 years' experience with REST APis
Minimum of 11 years' experience with Java

Preferred Skills / Qualifications:
Demonstrated experience building data products in Apache Avro
Demonstrated experience in using Nifi
Demonstrated experience deploying the complete DevOps Lifecyle including integration of build pipelines,
automated deployments, and compliance scanning using test driven development.
Demonstrated experience with AWS 53

Additional Information:

Upon offer of employment, the individual will be subject to a background check and a drug screen

Aleron companies (Acara Solutions, Aleron Shared Resources, Broadleaf Results, Lume Strategies, TalentRise, Viaduct, and Aleron's strategic partner, SDI) are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, sex, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. The Aleron companies welcome and encourage applications from diverse candidates, including people with disabilities. Accommodations are available upon request for applicants taking part in all aspects of the selection process.

Applicants for this position must be legally authorized to work in the United States. This position does not meet the employment requirements for individuals with F-1 OPT STEM work authorization status.
Show Less 
ReportAcara Solutions is looking for a Systems Engineer for our client located in Marietta, GA

This position is for experienced engineers on a Model Based Systems Engineering (MBSE) team, providing support across the entire product line including both new and existing programs.
The candidates will be part of a fast paced, dynamic MBSE environment exploring state of the art technical solutions.
In this environment, the candidates will need to be agile dedicated learners to enable rapid transition to the latest toolsets and adoption of digital/model-based execution.
Support basic development and definition of system design products/objectives.
Performing tasks such as risk assessments, leading trade studies, writing SOWs (statement of work) and supplier specifications.
Performing technical planning, performing requirements verification and involvement in systems architecture development.
As a technical leader, the selected candidate will need to be prepared to run portions of a larger effort.
Test while working closely with program management to assure complete program integrity.

Pay and Benefits:

The Salary for this position is between $48.08 and $113.00 per hour (Max Pay rate).




Required Skills / Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree.
Minimum of 8 years' experience in Mission Systems (MS) and Vehicle Systems (VS) system design and development.
Minimum of 8 years' experience leading systems engineering activities.
Minimum of 8 years' experience with requirements generation and decomposition.
Minimum of 8 years' experience using software tools (such as MS Excel and Access).
Minimum of 8 years' experience with tracking requirements using the DOORS, CAMEO, or similar database tool.
Minimum of 8 years' experience with systems engineering process.
Minimum of 8 years' experience in providing support in systems/subsystem integration.
Minimum of 8 years' experience across the spectrum of systems engineering activities.

Preferred Skills / Qualifications:
Master's degree.
Experience executing in a digital engineering environment (MBSE and digital twin).
Experience developing a system architecture.
Previous integration and test experience.
Work experience with operational modeling tools.
Ability to work with different engineering disciplines to derive and decompose requirements.
Good written and verbal communication with experience in writing requirements.
Ability to think creatively and execute independent of regular over-sight.
Practical understanding of Earned Value Measurement Systems (EVMS).
Broad knowledge and expertise in systems engineering is needed to support systems design needs.

Additional Information:

Upon offer of employment, the individual will be subject to a background check and a drug screen.

Aleron companies (Acara Solutions, Aleron Shared Resources, Broadleaf Results, Lume Strategies, TalentRise, Viaduct, and Aleron's strategic partner, SDI) are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, sex, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. The Aleron companies welcome and encourage applications from diverse candidates, including people with disabilities. Accommodations are available upon request for applicants taking part in all aspects of the selection process.

Applicants for this position must be legally authorized to work in the United States. This position does not meet the employment requirements for individuals with F-1 OPT STEM work authorization status.
Show Less 
ReportAon is looking for an Identity & Access Management Lead Engineer

As part of an industry-leading team, you will help empower results for our clients by delivering innovative and effective solutions supporting our IAM team.
This role can be located in Chicago, New York, Texas, California or Virtual Chicago, New York, Texas or California regions.

Your Impact as Identity & Access Management Lead

Job Responsibilities: Lead engineering & implementation of security technologies centric to Access Governance security solutions Own the adoption of the Identity and Access strategy through the documentation of business capability and roadmap developed with architecture Lead and co-ordinate work within the team to deliver per defined roadmaps Domain authority in the area of Identity governance with an eye to improve the area through new feature/functionality development Implementation & integration of Identity Governance solutions (Micro focus- IG, Sailpoint, Saviynt etc.) Provide input into architectural design of Access Control, User Entitlements, Application Credentials, User Access Policy Management, improving security related to Access governance Experience in Identity & Access Management platform solutions Keep documentation accurate with environment changes Excellent communications skills, both written and oral are a requirement for this position

Required Skills: 5+years of experience in implementation and integration of Identity Management and governance solutions Experience with IG Operational tasks – Crafting connectors, Defining Access Control, Policies/Platforms, User provisioning and entitlements, Managing Applications Credentials, Auto upload and User Access Policy Management Experience in performing Privileged Access Reviews, Compliance Reporting, Access Control Processes and other associated tasks with Privileged User Management Knowledge in setting up multi factor authentication (RSA, RADIUS, SAML) Experience with REST API for automated provisioning of Safes, Accounts and Access Control Experience with auto discovery and automatic password management Skilled in Active Directory concepts, including users, computers, groups, policies Solid grasp of protocols, services, and traffic flows for authentication Programming with Java, .Net C#, Perl, Python, Golang, PowerShell 4+years of demonstrated ability in Identity and Access Management solutions, NetIQ suite a plus Experience working with the following enterprise software: Active Directory eDirectory SQL Server (SSMS, SSIS, SSRS) VMware Linux

We offer you
A competitive total rewards package, continuing education & training, and tremendous potential with a growing worldwide organization.

Our Colleague Experience:
From helping clients gain access to capital after natural disasters, to creating access to health care and retirement for millions, Aon colleagues empower results for our clients, communities, and each other every day. They make a difference, work with the best, own their potential, and value one another. This is the Aon Colleague Experience, defining what it means to work at Aon and realizing our vision of empowering human and economic possibility. To learn more visit Aon Colleague Experience .

About Aon:
Aon plc (NYSE: AON) is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance.
Aon provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran, marital, or domestic partner status. Aon is committed to a diverse workforce and is an affirmative action employer.
Nothing in this job description restricts management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time.
How we support our colleagues

In addition to our comprehensive benefits package, we encourage a diverse workforce. Plus, our agile, inclusive environment allows you to manage your wellbeing and work/life balance, ensuring you can be your best self at Aon. Furthermore, all colleagues enjoy two “Global Wellbeing Days” each year, encouraging you to take time to focus on yourself. We offer a variety of working style solutions, but we also recognize that flexibility goes beyond just the place of work... and we are all for it. We call this Smart Working!

Our continuous learning culture inspires and equips you to learn, share and grow, helping you achieve your fullest potential. As a result, at Aon, you are more connected, more relevant, and more valued.

Aon values an innovative, diverse workplace where all colleagues feel empowered to be their authentic selves. Aon is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.

Aon provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran, marital, domestic partner status, or other legally protected status. Aon is committed to a diverse workforce and is an affirmative action employer. People with criminal histories are encouraged to apply.

We provide individuals with disabilities reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment in accordance with applicable law. Please contact us to request an accommodation on ReasonableAdjustments@Aon.com

Nothing in this job description restricts management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time.

#ILI-NS1
#LI-HYBRID
#LI-REMOTE
#USA_IND 2518982
Show Less At Barings, we are as invested in our associates as we are in our clients. We recognize those who work diligently for us and reward them for personal and professional integrity, communication skills, distinct competencies and expertise in specific strategies, ability to collaborate as a team member and true dedication to the interests of our clients.
We thank you for your interest in joining the Barings team, and invite you to explore our current employment opportunities.
Title: Identity and Access Management Engineer
Location: Charlotte, NC or London, UK
Description
The Identity and Access Management (IAM) team at Barings is seeking an Identity and Access Management Engineer. This position is responsible for enterprise IAM services and solutions to include privileged access management (PAM), identity governance and administration (IGA), single sign-on (SSO), self-service password reset (SSPR), and multi-factor authentication (MFA).
In this position, you will:
Maintain and support of Azure Active Directory in a hybrid cloud/on-premise environment
Develop relationships with key stakeholders and business leads
Support and all systems in the Directory Services environment to ensure 100% availability
Build, administer, and/or support enterprise IAM systems and solutions for privileged access management (PAM) and identity governance and administration (IGA).
Support of access management services, such as single sign-on (SSO), multi-factor authentication (MFA), and self-service password reset (SSPR).
Ensure identity management systems implement and enforce access controls and frameworks such as Role Based Access Control (RBAC) and least privilege.
Facilitate continuous improvement and adoption of IAM system capabilities.
Provide subject matter expertise and technical leadership on IT projects.
Requirements:
One of the following:
Bachelor's degree or higher in computer science/engineering, or a related information technology field and three years or more of IT administration or IT database administration experience.
Associate/vocational/technical degree in an information technology field and five years or more of experience in information technology.
Seven years or more of information technology experience.
Experience with:
Privileged access management solutions and processes.
Build, administration, and/or support of identity management systems.
Identity lifecycle management, multi-factor authentication (MFA), self-service password reset (SSPR), and single sign-on (SSO).
Administration and support of identity management and governance tools.
Enterprise directory and directory integration services (e.g., Active Directory, Azure Active Directory, and LDAP).
Planning, building, deploying, and managing enterprise solutions.
Knowledge of:
Identity and access management solutions and processes.
Application integrations via API.
Active Directory, Azure AD, and Exchange Online.
PowerShell.
Kerberos, SAML 2.0, OAUTH, and Open ID Connect.
Infrastructure security, including cloud, Windows, Unix/Linux, desktop and mobile.
Ability to:
Implement functionality provided by identity management solutions, enterprise directory services, and access management solutions.
Evaluate critical systems, prioritize workflow, and determine solutions.
Research and advise on IAM trends and capabilities.
Use data analysis to drive service improvement.
Learn new tools, processes, and work methods based on business needs.
Communicate via written, verbal, and presentation style to individuals of varying technical abilities and job function.
#LI-KW1
#LI-Hybrid
Barings is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer; Minority/Female/Age/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Individual with Disability/Protected Veteran. We welcome all persons to apply.
Barings offers a comprehensive benefits package including:
CORE BENEFITS & WELLNESS
Medical (including Virtual Care), Prescription, Dental, and Vision Coverage
Fitness Center Reimbursement Program (Including Online Memberships)
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Fertility Benefits
FINANCIAL WELL-BEING
401(k) Plan w/Company Match
Pension Plan
Health Savings Account (HSA) with Company Contributions
Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA) - Health Care & Dependent Care
Retirement Health Reimbursement Account
LIFE INSURANCE
Basic and Supplemental Life Insurance
Spouse and Child Life Insurance
TIME OFF, DISABILITY AND LEAVE OF ABSENCE
Paid Vacation, Sick Days and Annual Holidays
Paid Leave of Absences (Maternity Leave, Parental Leave, Caregiver Leave, Bereavement Time)
Short and Long Term Disability Plans
Paid Volunteer Time
 OTHER BENEFITS
Education Assistance Program
Charitable Matching Gifts Program
Commuter Reimbursement Program
Adoption and Surrogacy Reimbursement ProgramShow Less  At Broadridge, we've built a culture where the highest goal is to empower others to accomplish more. If you’re passionate about developing your career, while helping others along the way, come join the Broadridge team.
Broadridge is hiring an Identity & Access Management Security Engineer to join the Identity & Access Management team. You will report to the Director of Identity and Access Management within the Broadridge Information Security Group and you will be responsible to participate in the planning, building and support of the Identity Access Management (IAM) program.
As an individual contributor, you will be working in collaboration with all disciplines across the information technology groups, as well as business units, in providing guidance and developing plans for the integration of information security requirements into solutions provided in the area of Identity Access Management.
Responsibilities
Facilitates the use of technology-based tools or methodologies to review, design and/or implement products and services to provide a strong IAM program that balances access with compliance and confidentiality
Define information security requirements for business applications leveraging a risk-based approach and interfacing with business functions
Serve as a key technical resource for any IAM efforts, projects, and applications with an understanding of Privileged Access Management concepts and the implementation and auditing of IAM compliance.
Contribute to the development of IAM automation processes for support of daily operations and the gathering of metric and reporting information
Review current and future IAM solutions and propose enhancements; participate to their deployment, and support them at all stages of implementation
Understanding of security standards and policy, including an understanding of all current and emerging IAM technologies as they relate to the support of IAM
Implementation of Identity Access Management concepts, including federation, authentication, authorization, access controls, access control attacks, identity, and access provisioning life cycle
Ability to work across multiple team settings and collaborate in the deployment of IAM technologies and processes
Requirements
Bachelor's Degree in Information Security or equivalent experience
6+ years of experience in supporting information technology domain
4+ years of experience in Information Security and/or Identity and Access management space requiring the formulation of strategies, alternatives, and recommendations to information technology leadership.
Demonstrated knowledge of modern identity and access management concepts and best practices, such as privileged user accounts, least-privileged access model, segregation of duties, OS-level integrations, app-level integrations, DB-level integrations.
Demonstrated knowledge of Privileged Access Security solution and Identity Platform solution
Experience with directory services, Active Directory, Azure AD, mainframe entitlements, relational database schema, LDAP schema
Understanding and experience with Cloud Identity as a Service such as AWS IAM, Google Cloud IAM, Microsoft Azure Active Directory, and Identity Federation protocols such as SAML2, WS-Federation, OAuth is preferred
Clear and accurate in the verbal and written communication; listens to peers and supported employees; follows directions and provides useful feedback
Can translate security-related matters into business terms that are clear and understandable to executives
Strong problem-solving and troubleshooting skills
Experience with administrating authentication technologies
Salary Range: $150,000 to 165,000 Annually
Bonus Eligible
Please visit
www.broadridgebenefits.com
for more information on our comprehensive benefit offerings.
#LI-NO1
#LI-Remote
Disability Assistance
We recognize that ensuring our long-term success means creating an environment where everyone is welcome, where everyone's strengths are valued and where everyone can perform at their best. Broadridge provides equal employment opportunities to all associates and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including sexual orientation, gender identity or expression and pregnancy), marital status, national origin, ethnic origin, age, disability, genetic information, or military or veteran status and other protected characteristics protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. US applicants: Click
here
to view the "EEO is the Law" poster. If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation in the event you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access the Company's career webpage because of your disability. You may request a reasonable accommodation(s) by calling 888-237-7769 or by sending an email to
BRcareers@broadridge.com
.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less At Edward Jones, we help clients achieve their serious, long-term financial goals by understanding their needs and implementing tailored solutions. To ensure a personal client experience, we have located our 15,000+ branch offices where our more than 7 million clients live and work.

In a typical branch office, a financial advisor meets with clients and receives branch office support, so they can focus on building deep relationships with clients. Headquarters associates in St. Louis, Tempe and Mississauga provide support and expertise to help U.S. and Canada branch teams deliver an ideal client experience. We continue to grow to meet the needs of long-term individual investors.
Team Overview:
The Senior IAM Engineer helps architect, deploy and operate a secure application infrastructure that aligns with business needs. The position is responsible for supporting operational innovation and providing security direction to the business to elevate the company’s security posture within a cloud computing infrastructure. An advanced role, the Senior IAM Engineer helps deliver applications at scale and with resiliency to support business initiatives. The Senior IAM Engineer is also expected to possess administrative and troubleshooting skills, and be knowledgeable about architecture, engineering and design principles. The Senior IAM Engineer should be adept at dealing with disparate applications and data systems to maintain the level of rigor required to adhere to business direction. Along with depth of system coverage, the role requires planning and design of policies and maintenance.

What You'll Do:
In tandem with security leadership, consistently assess the threat landscape and adapt quickly to protect the business from risk. The Sr. IAM Engineer must:
Identity and Access Management automation – preferred Saviynt experience but will accept experience with SailPoint
Be self-driven with minimal daily oversight required.
Design and implement security architectures and strategies to safeguard information system resources and assets.
Ensure integration of technology that upholds the Information Security policies and standards, as well as meets firm business objectives.
Identify opportunities for security process improvement.
Provide support of critical security infrastructure components to ensure system availability.
Mentor fellow team members and other associates in security best practices.
Maintain awareness of security technology direction, trends, and related issues.
Develop long-term strategy for supported security systems
What You'll Need:
7+ years of experience with all of the following:
Identity and Access Management automation
Single Sign-On (SSO) technology – skills deploying and supporting Single Sign-on (SSO) of applications within an organization. Must include support skills such as tracing, logging and real-time troubleshooting.
Federation - Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) and/or OpenID Connect (OIDC) skills required to support both internal and vendor authentication. Must include support skills such as tracing, logging and real-time troubleshooting.
Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) technology – skills deploying and supporting MFA technology for internal and internet facing application requirements.
Coding / scripting skills – Ability to add, update or troubleshoot code to resolve issues, create efficiencies or integrate systems is a plus. Java required.
General knowledge of Active Directory (AD) or other LDAP Directory Services, Intrusion Detection, Security Policies / GPOs, Operating System (OS) hardening, Privileged Access Management (PAM), Certificates/Public Key Infrastructure (PKI), Identity Management concepts, Cloud Technology and device authentication a plus.
100 Best Workplaces for Millennials in 2022, published Fortune July 2022, Great Places to Work® data as of March 2022. Compensation provided for using, not obtaining, the rating.
Edward Jones was recognized as one of the Best Workplaces for Millennials by Great Places to Work® and Fortune® magazine. The privately held firm ranked No. 2 overall, in its fourth appearance on the list.
2022 Fortune Best Workplaces for Women, published September 2022, research by Great Places to Work®, data as of August 2021. Compensation provided for using, not obtaining, the rating.
Edward Jones has been named to the 2022 Best Workplaces for Women list by Great Places to Work® and Fortune® magazine, ranking No. 45.
2022 Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For, published April 2022, research by Great Place to Work®, data as of August 2021. Compensation provided for using, not obtaining, the rating.
For the 23rd time, Edward Jones has earned a spot on the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® ranking by Great Places to Work® and Fortune® magazine. Edward Jones ranked No. 35 on the prestigious 2022 list.
2022 Best Places to Work For LGBTQ+ Equality, Great Place to Work® in partnership with Human Rights Campaign Foundation, published Equity Magazine January 2022, data as of July 2021. Compensation provided for using, not obtaining, the rating.
Edward Jones scored 100 percent on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation's 2022 Corporate Equality Index (CEI) the nation's foremost benchmarking survey and report measuring corporate policies and practices related to LGBTQ+ workplace equality. The ranking designated Jones as one of the best places to work for LGBTQ+Equality.
Edward Jones does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, religion, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, pregnancy, veteran status, genetic information or any other basis prohibited by applicable law.
At Edward Jones, we value and respect our associates and their contributions, and we recognize individual efforts through a rewards program that promotes a long-term career, financial security and well-being. Visit our career site to learn more about our total compensation approach, which in addition to base salary, typically includes benefits, bonuses and profit sharing. The salary range for this role is based on national data and actual pay is based on skills, experience, education, and other relevant factors for a potential new associate:

Salary: $90628 - $154313
Category: Headquarters

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less At FEI Systems, we create innovative technology solutions to improve the delivery of health and human services because we know when cumbersome administrative processes stand in the way, those who need it most are often left without access to proper care and support. From comprehensive case management software to disaster recovery services and content management information systems used in delivering foreign aid, our solutions are improving the lives of millions of people. We’re looking for a DevOps engineer who shares our commitment to leveraging technology to make a real impact in the world – a professional who knows, beyond all else, that the quality of our products and services is only as good as the company we keep.

Principal Responsibilities

Develop a framework for transitioning to infrastructure as code for development, staging, and production environments
Develop a framework for log monitoring and system alerts for staging and production environments
Develop and maintain a framework for job scheduling in production
Work collaboratively with multiple projects development and operational teams to ensure consistent approaches to program delivery
Serve as the subject matter expert for DevOps tools
Identify, analyze, coordinate, and resolve environment and internal infrastructure needs
Architect and implement metrics required to increase transparency of environment performance
Troubleshoot performance bottlenecks to improve the end-user experience
Perform research and development into open-source software solutions needed to support continuous improvement of the engineering process
Update job knowledge by studying start-of-the-art DevOps tools, CI/CD/CM trends and best practices with an eye toward improving existing solutions


Required Skills/Experience

Minimum 5 years of technical experience in DevOps engineering
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, applied information technology or related subject matter
Demonstrated experience creating and/or maintaining continuous integration/continuous deployment/automated configuration management systems
General familiarity with .NET based application development environment
Strong understanding of Agile and the software development life cycle, specifically design, debugging, testing and documentation
Working knowledge of AWS, job scheduling tool (e.g., CRON), Git
Working knowledge of system, application, and log monitoring tools. New Relic, and Splunk preferred.
Excellent detail-oriented organizational and communications skills
Familiarity with information security
Detail-oriented, quick learner with the ability to multi-task

Location: Remote.

Status: Full-time position with full company benefits


NOTICE: EO/AA/VEVRAA/Disabled Employer – Federal Contractor. FEI Systems participates in E-Verify, a federal program that enables employers to verify the identity and employment eligibility of all persons hired to work in the United States by providing the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. For more information on E-Verify, please contact DHS at (888) 464-4218.

Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, disability, or genetic information, except where it relates to a bona fide occupational qualification or requirement. FEI Systems creates an Affirmative Action Plan on an annual basis. Pursuant to federal law, the portions of FEI Systems’ Affirmative Action Program that relate to Section 503 (Persons with Disabilities) and/or Section 4212 (Protected Veterans), are available for inspection upon request by applicants and employees during FEI Systems’ normal business hours.


#DICE

Show Less At John Deere, we run so life can leap forward. This powerful purpose is our promise to humankind that we will dream, design and deliver breakthrough products that sustain our world for generations to come. The world is counting on us to feed billions of people and build vital infrastructures in villages, towns, and megacities. We live up to the legacy our founder forged in a one-room blacksmith's shop nearly two centuries ago by creating a culture that brings out the best in all of us. A culture where great ideas thrive because every voice is heard.


Primary Location: United States (US) - Illinois - Chicago
Function: Technology (CA)
Title: Software Engineer, IT Security and Access - 82777
Onsite/Remote: Partial Remote Position

Your Responsibilities


As a Software Engineer, IT Security and Access for Global IT Security located in Chicago, IL, you will be responsible for the design, development, integration, administration, maintenance, and support of a variety of directory and identity governance systems/solutions.


You will also be accountable for:


Serving as a key and critical role in executing Identity and Access Management strategic initiatives
Taking an active role in identifying security risks and investigating, deploying, and supporting new tools and procedures to minimize that risk
Monitoring the quality of processes and actively looking for ways to improve the process
Working on tasks and projects that are medium to high risk and of moderate to high complexity in nature where errors could affect the Enterprise
Scripting with common tools such as Python, Javascript, PowerShell, .NET, etc.


This position is eligible for a flexible work schedule arrangement at the present time. The arrangement may be delayed for training or other job acclimation purposes and remains subject to change.


Visa sponsorship is available for this position.


What Skills You Need


3+ years of experience in system administration, supporting multiple platforms and applications
4+ years in an information security analyst/engineer role
Experience automating security testing tools
3+ years of experience in an Agile/Scrum team environment
Experience with supporting or integrating external authentication providers
Experience supporting or developing API’s (SOAP, REST) that interface with LDAP providers and SQL
Experience working with cloud technologies like Microsoft Azure
Understanding of applications development environment, database, data management and infrastructure capabilities and constraints
Experience leveraging DevSecOps and lean development principles such as Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery
What Makes You Stand Out


Scripting with common tools such as Python, Javascript, PowerShell, .NET, etc.
Experience with a Privilege Access Management (PAM), or Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA), or Single Sign-On (SSO) solution
General computer security or information technology (IT) auditing experience
Willingness and ability to work in a global environment and work effectively with a geographically disparate team
Knowledge in Azure and/or AWS
The ideal candidate will also have industry certification(s), such as SSCP, CCSP, CISSP, SANS certifications, etc.
Education


Bachelor's degree in Information Systems or Technology


What You'll Get


At John Deere, you are empowered to create a career that will take you to where you want to go. Here, you'll enjoy the freedom to explore new projects, the support to think outside the box and the advanced tools and technology that foster innovation and achievement. We offer comprehensive relocation and reward packages to help you get started on your new career path. Click here to find out more about our Total Rewards Package.


The information contained herein is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and qualifications required of individuals performing the job. The qualifications detailed in this job description are not considered the minimum requirements necessary to perform the job, but rather as guidelines.


An Equal Opportunity Employer, John Deere requires a diversity of people, perspectives and ideas to address the complex challenges of its global business. John Deere is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other things, race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less At PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL), we believe that every person has the right to participate fully in the global economy. Our mission is to democratize financial services to ensure that everyone, regardless of background or economic standing, has access to affordable, convenient, and secure products and services to take control of their financial lives.

Job Description Summary: Global Compliance & Customer Verification Platform builds and maintains leading state of the art platform that caters to Anti Money Laundering & Tax related regulatory requirements that PayPal has to comply with in most of the 200+ countries that we operate. Our goal is to build next gen RegTech platform that seamlessly works across multiple geographies delivering KYC & Tax solutions to both PayPal’s direct customers and our adjacencies. Come join us and be part of this Global team that ensures PayPal is compliant with the local and global regulators. Software engineers in Compliance platform will work as part of scrum team with other engineers, product owners and deliver solutions on a scalable backend platform.

Job Description:

Software engineers in Compliance platform will work as part of scrum team with other engineers, product owners and deliver solutions on a scalable backend platform.

Responsibilities

Participate in the design and development of one or more product features or sub-systems
Develop code that is sufficiently supported by unit, functional and integration tests
Develop and maintain technical documentation
Participate in design discussions and understand solutions to system and product changes within your team
Collaborate with x-functional teams during feature integration.
Participate in peer code reviews
Triage and mitigate production issues
Participate in all scrum team ceremonies

Requirements

3+ years hands-on in the following areas:
Java, OO-based design and development.
Design and implementation of microservices
Architecture principles for SOA, Event Driven and Large Scale Systems
Strong skills in Server Side Java, Spring, SpringBoot, Hibernate, REST, Maven, Github and other open source Java Libraries.
Good grasp of Data structures & Algorithm concepts.
Database design, programming, tuning and query optimization.
Test methodologies and testing tools, e.g., TestNG, JUnit.
Demonstrated ability to solve complex problems.
Experience in software configuration management and streaming strategies for large parallel development teams.
Ability to collaborate effectively with remote teams across time zones is essential.
Strong verbal and writing skills; ability to thoroughly understand product specifications, and ability to produce clear, concise documentation.

Our Benefits:


At PayPal, we’re committed to building an equitable and inclusive global economy. And we can’t do this without our most important asset—you. That’s why we offer benefits to help you thrive in every stage of life. We champion your financial, physical, and mental health by offering valuable benefits and resources to help you care for the whole you.


We have great benefits including a flexible work environment, employee shares options, health and life insurance and more. To learn more about our benefits please visit https://www.paypalbenefits.com





Who We Are:


To learn more about our culture and community visit https://about.pypl.com/who-we-are/default.aspx





PayPal has remained at the forefront of the digital payment revolution for more than 20 years. By leveraging technology to make financial services and commerce more convenient, affordable, and secure, the PayPal platform is empowering more than 400 million consumers and merchants in more than 200 markets to join and thrive in the global economy. For more information, visit paypal.com.

PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at paypalglobaltalentacquisition@paypal.com.

As part of PayPal’s commitment to employees’ health and safety, we have established in-office Covid-19 protocols and requirements, based on expert guidance. Depending on location, this might include a Covid-19 vaccination requirement for any employee whose role requires them to work onsite. Employees may request reasonable accommodation based on a medical condition or religious belief that prevents them from being vaccinated.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less At PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL), we believe that every person has the right to participate fully in the global economy. Our mission is to democratize financial services to ensure that everyone, regardless of background or economic standing, has access to affordable, convenient, and secure products and services to take control of their financial lives.

Job Description Summary: At Venmo, we are creating a product that people love. We strive to create a delightful user experience while connecting the world and empowering people through payments. We are looking for intellectually curious people who want to be inspired and inspire others to change the world. Engineering is a craft, and at Venmo we want the internals of our software to be as elegant as the end user experience we are designing. We spend our days scaling our infrastructure and building new features to meet and exceed our user’s needs and wants. We teach and learn from one another and push each other to be at our creative and analytical best. You will be a member of the Consumer Financial Services engineering group. This group is responsible for enabling our tens of millions of Venmo users the ability to transact using various financial services in the credit and banking landscape, such as credit card, debit card, and direct deposit. As a Sr. Staff software engineer for Venmo Experience Engineering you will act as a subject matter expert for the Engineering team. We are looking for technologists with the highest levels of technical talent, programming, communication skills and a keen desire to deeply understand our product and how to make our systems stronger and more resilient.

Job Description:

What You’ll Do
Lead engineering effort(s) and drive ownership of multiple larger project features, modules, or services.
Provide technical leadership for a team with limited guidance from management or senior teammates.
Design, estimate and implement software on the platform securely, reliably and at scale.
Take ownership for quality of design and implementation of software components.
Develop and communicate technical processes, standards, and best practices to the team
Deliver high quality code on time and follow our SDLC process
Have an appetite to learn and contribute to complex projects alongside your colleagues
Participate in code reviews
Interact with various non-engineering teams such as product, support, finance operations, compliance and legal.
Follow engineering best practices as well as propose new ones
Break down monolithic backend systems down to distributed scalable, resilient services/systems.
Collaborate with other engineers in software design and development best practices to significantly drive faster iteration and experimentation
Strong, active advocacy for technical standards and quality across PayPal, Inc.
Interface with the product and other functional teams and their leadership to deliver new features and services against the product roadmap.
Build APIs and services in Python (Django), using AWS or another cloud provider
Job Requirements
10+ years experience in software development
Strong object-oriented programming skills
Experience working on backend systems at scale, using technologies like Python, MySQL, Kafka, etc. Experience working in the Django framework is a plus.
Experience mentoring and developing software engineers
Effective communication skills with the ability to understand and explain technical issues to a non-technical audience
A collaborative working style and are a sharer, not a hoarder, of information

New York City Only : The pay range for this position is as mentioned below per year, plus annual bonus. We take into consideration an individual’s background and experience in determining final salary. All PayPal employees are shareholders in our Company, so equity is part of our total compensation plan. This role is also eligible for health insurance, stock purchase plans, retirement savings benefits, stock awards, life insurance and disability benefits, and paid time off for sick leave, parental leave, vacation and PTO. To learn more visit paypalbenefits.com. This information is provided per the New York City Human Rights Law. Base pay information is based on market location.New York City Salary in USD: $181050 - $223650

Our Benefits:


At PayPal, we’re committed to building an equitable and inclusive global economy. And we can’t do this without our most important asset—you. That’s why we offer benefits to help you thrive in every stage of life. We champion your financial, physical, and mental health by offering valuable benefits and resources to help you care for the whole you.


We have great benefits including a flexible work environment, employee shares options, health and life insurance and more. To learn more about our benefits please visit https://www.paypalbenefits.com





Who We Are:


To learn more about our culture and community visit https://about.pypl.com/who-we-are/default.aspx





PayPal has remained at the forefront of the digital payment revolution for more than 20 years. By leveraging technology to make financial services and commerce more convenient, affordable, and secure, the PayPal platform is empowering more than 400 million consumers and merchants in more than 200 markets to join and thrive in the global economy. For more information, visit paypal.com.

PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at paypalglobaltalentacquisition@paypal.com.

As part of PayPal’s commitment to employees’ health and safety, we have established in-office Covid-19 protocols and requirements, based on expert guidance. Depending on location, this might include a Covid-19 vaccination requirement for any employee whose role requires them to work onsite. Employees may request reasonable accommodation based on a medical condition or religious belief that prevents them from being vaccinated.

Show Less At Trane TechnologiesTM and through our businesses including Trane® and Thermo King®, we create innovative climate solutions for buildings, homes, and transportation that challenge what’s possible for a sustainable world. We're a team that dares to look at the world's challenges and see impactful possibilities. We believe in a better future when we uplift others and enable our people to thrive at work and at home. We boldly go.

Position Overview:

The Identity Security Engineer is an essential part of the Identity Security team, responsible for user enablement through access orchestration and automation using leading tools such as SailPoint IdentityNow; Privileged Access Management tools like Thycotic or CyberArk or foundational Identity Services like Microsoft Azure/B2C and others.

We are seeking highly customer-oriented and passionate identity security engineers that are never satisfied with “good-enough”. In our business, continuous improvement and operational excellence delights our customers and fuels our greatest ambitions.

This “hands-on” role will utilize your rich business experience to communicate effectively, both written and orally with our internal and external customers and your technical depth and knowledge to help develop and build our Identity capabilities. This includes integrating new applications to SailPoint IdentityNow, SSO using SAML and other modern authentication standards, along with developing new use cases to maximize business value.

The ideal candidate is truly an explorer – finding potentially multiple ways to solve problems and makes recommendations based on best practices, sustainability, and fit. He or she has exceptional communication skills with strong technical depth. In addition, he or she knows how to code expertly using one or more popular programming languages and can easily get up to speed on new and emerging technologies. Using APIs and tools such as Postman are all in a day’s work for this individual.

In addition, as this individual will be leveraged across our portfolio of Identity tools, should have strong organization skills and be able to easily and comfortably switch context as various issues/problems come up that require your expertise.




About Trane Technologies:





Trane Technologies is a global climate innovator. Through our strategic brands Trane and Thermo King, and our portfolio of environmentally responsible products and services, we bring efficient and sustainable climate solutions to buildings, homes and transportation. Learn more at TraneTechnologies.com

Responsibilities:

Design, configure and manage the various SailPoint IdentityNow modules including Provisioning, Access Management, and Certifications
Configure, maintain and resolve issues with Virtual appliances
Configures and deploys IdentityNow in lower environments and performs migration of configurations
from lower environments to upper/production environments. Qualified to implement and configure
the individual modules of an IdentityNow solution design.
Develop Life Cycle states when deploying various sources that will drive the appropriate system behavior as uses transitions through their life cycle
Manage test cycles including Test Plan development, gaining appropriate signoff before implementing a solution in Production
Understand customer needs and translate them into suitable and maintainable IdentityNow solutions
Collecting logs, analyzing failure conditions, troubleshooting issues/incidents
Provide timely and ongoing communication to status of deliverables, support cases to all stakeholders at the appropriate levels
Logging support tickets where necessary and providing relevant information such as logs, screenshots, etc. to help resolve issue
Build Transforms and Velocity coding to extend capabilities of platform
Use Postman and other tools to manage the system using REST API Calls, JSON
Onboard and manage new connections using available connectors
Build and maintain appropriate training to internal and external users in form of Knowledge Articles, Standard Work
Delivering periodic technical training to peers and internal stakeholders as needed
Assisting in the testing and debugging of new IAM implementations and integrations
Working with IAM Architects to improve and optimize IAM platforms



Qualifications:

Qualified candidates will be driven individuals and possess exceptional business acumen, coupled with strong working knowledge of SailPoint’s IdentityNow cloud solution & implementations
Minimum 3-5 years of hands-on experience building solutions from start to finish including configuration of connections, Identity Profiles, and Roles, Transforms or a strong ability to learn quickly
Proficiency with Rest APIs and how they interface with IdentityNow
Scripting skills (Java, PowerShell, Python, Ruby, PERL, bash, etc)
Experienced with vLookups and data sorting and filtering
Diligent attention to detail, processes and quality of outputs
Ability to quickly prioritize issues/requests and be capable of personally diving deep when required to deliver solutions within an accelerated timeframe
Natural curiosity and ability to learn new tools quickly
Works well under pressure and can resolve complex problems
Works in a collaborative fashion, elevates team results over individual results
Effective communication skills (both oral and written)
Bachelor's degree in a related field/discipline
Ability to travel if needed to support global organization
Security certification such as CompTIA, Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), or equivalent preferred

We offer competitive compensation and comprehensive benefits and programs. We are an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, pregnancy, age, marital status, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any legally protected status.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less At VyStar, we offer competitive pay, an excellent benefit package that includes a 401(k) Plan, an extensive paid technical and on-the-job training program, and tuition reimbursement-available to all full and part time employees. Part time positions start at a minimum of 30 hours per week.
We encourage you to become a part of VyStar Credit Union's family of employees.
Sr. Identity Access Management Engineer
ACCOUNTABILITY STATEMENT: This position needs to have a strong understanding of identity access management and are passionate about improving security, productivity and minimizing downtime. The main responsibilities involve integrating applications/systems used in our environment to SailPoint IdentityIQ to automate provisioning/de-provisioning application access, allowing users self-request access, and establishing certification process to ensure least privileged access is granted to end users.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Subject matter expert for requirements gathering, designing, implementing and testing of enterprise level IAM solutions and providing professional quality documentation related to IAM plans, diagrams, processes and procedures.
Configure and integrate IAM components, applications and systems to SailPoint IdentityIQ. Performs scripting and coding, customized workflows, forms, rules and certifications to integrate and join applications.
Automate user access provisioning/de-provisioning for all Vystar IAM components, applications and systems.
Set up life cycle events for joiner, leavers and transfers and keep the process up to date with the Vystar requirements.
Work with internal teams and/or external vendors to determine permissions and access rights. Coordinates with management to determine appropriate access for job roles.
Supports disaster recovery/business continuity plans as related to user and access management.
Establish and configure SailPoint IdentityIQ certifications to promote access management principles.
Serves as the primary escalation point for service requests and performs advanced troubleshooting.
Documents and reports on access entitlements to responsible business partners to include, access. levels, account permissions and group membership for applications and data resources.
Work with business application owners and technical staff to define the security access levels needed .by technical support personnel to support all applications, installations and administration.
Performs other duties as assigned.
VYSTAR EXCELLENCE
Incumbent is expected to demonstrate each of the following VyStar Excellence behaviors in performing the duties and responsibilities of their job:
Focus: Focus your full attention by carefully listening to and observing client or member.
Connect: Consistently be friendly and approachable. Demonstrate your care.
Understand: Listen empathetically and ask questions (70%/30% rule).
Counsel: Recommend solutions based on your member’s needs and objectives.
Advance: Ensure that member’s expectations were exceeded.
Verify necessary follow-up actions.
JOB QUALIFICATIONS
Experience
Must have 6+ years of strong IAM design, implementation, support and administration experience
Must have 6+ years working experience in SailPoint IdentityIQ development
Skills
Must be proficient in Java, JavaScript programming languages
Experience in PowerShell Scripting
Experience working on SQL databases and writing SQL queries
Knowledge of software engineering processes, tools, methods, test development, build/deploy automation and support
Ability to troubleshoot complex workflows and service connectors in the SailPoint Identity IQ configuration interface.
Interest and ability to learn other coding languages or technology as needed
Be a quick learner and adopter, and be willing to challenge oneself
Need to be a team player but also work independently.
Strong logical and analytical approach to problem solving.
Excellent communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills.
Demonstrated ability to effectively coordinate multiple priorities in a dynamic environment
EDUCATION
Position requires undergraduate degree in computer science, engineering, or a related field. Additional years of related experience in the field may be substituted for the formal education requirement.
DISCLAIMERS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT
Nothing in this position description is an implied contract for employment. The position description is intended to be an accurate account of the essential functions. The functions are not all encompassing and are subject to change at any time by management.
The work environment characteristics described are representative of those that an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
As required or requested, may exert up to 20 pounds of force occasionally and/or a negligible amount of force constantly to lift, carry, push, pull or otherwise move objects.
Show Less 
ReportBasic Qualifications and

The qualified candidate for this position will be a member of the Identity and Access Management (IAM) Team focused on providing, advanced implementation, enhancement, and support of directory service applications and IAM security. The individual will collaborate with various IT groups including peers within Information Security, partners in Enterprise Infrastructure, Production Support, and business areas.

‍

‍

‍

Responsibilities
Advanced support, design, and enhancement of global enterprise-level directory service with a focus on Okta and its related technologies. These supporting technologies include Single Sign-On (SSO),Universal Directory (UD), Multi-factor Authentication (MFA), and User Lifecycle Management
Contribute to the development of IAM automation processes for support of daily operations and the gathering of directory metric information
Support the definition of administrative processes, procedures and necessary documentation and make them understandable to others. Handle the process deployment, monitoring, maintenance, and optimization
Provide an accurate analysis of business requirements and in conjunction with the architecture and engineering teams select the most appropriate solution to fulfill them.
Based on personal experience, review current IAM solutions, and propose enhancements; participate to their deployment, and document them at all stages of their implementation
Adheres to all current Change and Problem management policies and procedures
Maintains an understanding of all current and emerging IAM technologies, open system standards, management technologies as they relate to the support of IAM

‍

Required Skills and Experience

B.S. degree in a computer science, Information Technology, or related computer related discipline.
Minimum of 5-7years of relevant practical experience in IAM engineering and support of large-scale, global environments supporting over 75,000 users and globally diversified application authentication requirements.
Strong collaborator with great documentation and communication skills
Self-motivated, with keen attention to detail and decision-making abilities
Strong awareness of Information Security trends and technology
Certifications welcomed

Technical Skills/Experience:

Strong knowledge of Okta’s IAM platform and technologies
Strong knowledge of directory service solutions
Strong knowledge of IAM policy administration
Strong knowledge of third-party SAS solutions for management, automation, and authentication, and Federation technologies
Advanced analysis and troubleshooting ability
Strong knowledge of IAM security tools supporting SSO, MFA, and Security Information, and Event Management (SIEM) solutions
Strong knowledge of Microsoft Active Directory

Show Less Become a Part of the NIKE, Inc. Team

NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the world’s best athletes. It is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. The company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. Its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. The brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. At NIKE, Inc. it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game.

NIKE is a technology company. From our flagship website and five-star mobile apps to developing products, managing big data and providing leading edge engineering and systems support, our teams at NIKE Global Technology exist to revolutionize the future at the confluence of tech and sport. We invest and develop advances in technology and employ the most creative people in the world, and then give them the support to constantly innovate, iterate and serve consumers more directly and personally. Our teams are innovative, diverse, multidisciplinary and collaborative, taking technology into the future and bringing the world with it.

WHO WE ARE LOOKING FOR

We’re looking for a mid-level Identity and Access Management (IAM) Operations Security Engineer with focus on Privileged Access Management solutions, such as; crypto vaulting of files, passwords and secrets, privileged account management and privileged session management.

This role engineers solutions for production access controls and IM systems. There is the typical management and maintenance of security control applications and integrated information systems, but there is ample opportunity to develop risk mitigation solutions in partnership with all business units at Nike as they mature their operations. Building process, crafting solutions, and applying best of class access controls is the function of this role.

The candidate needs to have demonstrated IT Security experience with IAM controls and technology. The candidate will be skilled in the access control domain with familiarity of industry technology solutions for access management, account management, authentication, identity management, management of protected access information and password management.

WHAT YOU WILL WORK ON

If this is you, you’ll be working with the Enterprise Identity & Access Management Team and performing a variety of tasks to monitor and maintain the existing controls while developing innovative solutions in partnering with our business units to ensure compliance with security governance at Nike.

A typical week is consistent in structure with daily meetings around status updates for critical work, workshops for collaborative service management/improvement, and team meetings to ensure alignment with the strategic work. Engaging meetings to consult with business unit “customers” and compliance teams. Two large daily windows of project and work ticket time focused on the daily discovery of new and ambitious problems for implementing access controls in the enterprise! This work will eventually be operationalized in the production environment. Weekly, the team members are consulting, learning, practicing, and crafting engineered production solutions.

WHO YOU WILL WORK WITH

You'll work with a team of security experts supporting a foundation platform of security access controls. The team is a security function logically located in Nike’s Global Architecture & Platform as a Service division. You will answer to the Director, IAM Production Engineering and work on a functional team or teams supporting various services provided by Enterprise IAM.

You will get the opportunity to collaborate with nearly all the major business units throughout the enterprise, because access controls “touch” everything. You will be a critical consultant/partner/engineer advising/developing/integrating teams with the platform solutions they need to mitigate risk and protect Nike customers and assets.

WHAT YOU BRING
Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Engineering, Business, or other related field of study; OR any combination of relevant equivalent experience, education and training
3-5+ years’ hands on experience with information technologies, including; operating systems, IAM systems, and/or basic information security technologies
Experience in successfully working with end users and system administrators to problem solve and fix configuration issues
Previous workload management via ticketing systems
Demonstrated experience with Identity Management systems (e.g. Cyberark (preferred), PAM/PSM solutions, SailPoint Identity IQ, and/or Okta)
Experience with password management systems, preferred
Experience in an IT Engineering/Operations role, preferred
Professional education and certifications, preferred, such as; CompTIA Security+, SSCP, CISSP, CISA, and/or CISM)
Experience with Radius and AAA account management, LDAP and directory services (Active Directory, ADFS, etc.), multi-factor authentication (MFA), and/or password vaulting technologies, preferred

NIKE, Inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. Nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. No matter the location, or the role, every Nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: To bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world.

NIKE, Inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportBenefits Summary

Competitive base salary plus bonus
Paid time off
Eleven paid holidays
Medical Insurance
Retirement benefits with employer contributions
Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account
Life Insurance
Short and Long-Term disability
Our Company

Lucidus Solutions, LLC ("Lucidus") is an Information Technology company dedicated to supporting its clients as a trusted partner and advisor. We bring the management, resources, expertise, and tools to develop simple and practical yet creative and innovative solutions to meet the business demands of our clients. Since our founding in 2006, the Lucidus team has earned a reputation for providing exceptional support to clients with an emphasis on customer service.

Lucidus’ staff retention rates reflect our interest in employees’ well-being and career development. We create a professional environment that ensures a return on the effort that you invest – whether that’s building new capabilities, expanding existing business, or generating new business. We want to hear our team’s good ideas – Lucidus leadership is dedicated to maintaining a collective company vision and is enthusiastic about innovation.

Position Description

Lucidus is searching for a DevOps Engineer that focuses on delivering leading-edge, cloud-based solutions for a federal customer that is dedicated to improving health outcomes for cancer patients across the globe. We seek an experienced professional who shares our passion for solving complex cancer research challenges through the delivery of innovative, cloud-based systems that raise the ceiling for a wide network of cancer research communities.




The DevOps Engineer will work in an environment that is predicated on strong corporate culture and collaborative partner and customer engagements. A strong background in cloud computing, software release automation, cybersecurity, and team management will provide the experience and expertise required to lead a team of like-minded professionals.

This is a full-time remote/telecommute position.

To apply, send a resume to careers@lucidus.com. Please include “Senior DevOps Engineer” in the subject of your email.

Primary Responsibilities


Support continuous integration, continuous delivery, and continuous deployment of cloud-based applications and infrastructure to support cloud-based customer solutions.
Elevate program velocity by instantiating a software delivery pipeline that automates and standardizes build, text, release, and deployment activities across the program.
Collaborate with teams throughout the software development lifecycle to ensure timely delivery of cloud resources, contribute to solution design, and provide support in troubleshooting issues.
Maximize project automation and standardization throughout the product lifecycle using configuration management and infrastructure as code (IaC) frameworks, libraries, and tools. Amplify program standardization and reusability by publishing modules, constructs, and reusable code to program “InnerSource” repositories.
Contribute to continuous monitoring strategies that provide a single-pane-of-glass perspective of system health across the program by leveraging commercial observability solutions to monitor system metrics, logs, traces, and network activity.
Lead incident response and disaster recovery activates for detected system outages. Conduct root-cause analysis and provide continuous improvement practices to increase fault tolerance of released systems.
Reinforce cybersecurity practices by implementing security automation in software delivery pipelines for cloud-native and container-based systems, producing threat models, and contributing to customer compliance initiatives.
Contribute to program and project planning exercises and processes by decomposing large, complex initiatives into actionable tasks, defining task dependencies, and offering level-of-effort estimates.
Disseminate knowledge to team members through coaching and mentorship, technical documentation, and leadership by example.




Required Qualifications, Skills, and Experience
A Bachelor’s degree
Five or more years of experience working with cloud platforms, preferably Amazon Web Services (AWS) and proficient in the subjects of container management, inner-VPC networking, and identity and access management.
Five or more years of experience provisioning cloud infrastructure using Infrastructure as Code (IaC) frameworks, libraries, and tools, such as CloudFormation, Pulimi, and Terraform (preferred).
Five or more years of experience automating configuration management for cloud-hosted resources using tools such as Puppet, Chef, or Ansible (preferred).
Five or more years of experience configuring and using CI/CD systems to automate integration, delivery, and deployment of solutions. Jenkins experience preferred.
Expert in creating, managing, monitoring, securing, and troubleshooting Docker images, and experience delivering to cloud container-based compute services (such as AWS ECS hosted on Fargate).
Familiarity with at least one commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS) observability platform, such as DataDog, New Relic, Sumo Logic, etc., and experience instrumenting systems to collect and deliver logs, metrics, and traces.
Proficiencies with Linux operating systems and bash scripting.
Strong written, visual, and verbal communication skills
Ability to obtain a public trust clearance


Desired Qualifications, Skills, and Experience
Experience programming in languages such as Python, Ruby, Go, Swift, Java, .Net, C++ or similar object-oriented language
Understanding of automated security scanning concepts and technology associated with static application security testing (SAST), dynamic application security testing (DAST), interactive application security testing (IAST), and software composition analysis (SCA).


Benefits Summary

Competitive base salary plus bonus
Paid time off
Eleven paid holidays
Medical Insurance
Retirement benefits with employer contributions
Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account
Life Insurance
Short and Long-Term disability

Al2tCumKxV

Show Less 
ReportBioLegend develops world-class, cutting-edge antibodies and reagents for biomedical research, manufactured in our state-of-the-art facility in San Diego. Our mission is to accelerate research and discovery by providing the highest quality products at an outstanding value, along with superior customer service and technical support. Our product expertise covers a diverse set of research areas including Immunology, Neuroscience, Cancer, Stem cells, and Cell Biology.

Job Summary

Identity & Access Management (IAM) Engineer

This position will perform the daily management of the Okta Identity and Access Management (IAM) platform, including all aspects of identity management, application management, directory integrations, and Workflow development. The ideal candidate will have a proven track record in delivering identity solutions that are functional, secure, scalable, and reliable. As a member of a small team in a fast-paced environment, this role will require both strong intellectual agility and hands-on technical skills. This role will report into our Headquarters in San Diego. Candidates must be open to relocating to the area.

This position will be part of a growing Identity and Access Management (IAM) team that manages a number of enterprise wide tools, covering the areas of Identity as a Service: Identity lifecycle management (WorkDay, Okta), Access Certification, Privileged Access Management, Single Sign On (SSO), MFA etc.

Essential Functions

Drive the evolution of our Okta environment through optimization and new workflow creation
Enable the rapid business adoption of technology through the development of innovative identity and access management solutions.
Create a delightful access experience by applying principles of process simplification and design, reducing or eliminating friction in maintaining a secure and compliant environment.
Be a hero to support and operational organizations, relieving their burdens through the implementation of end-to-end automation for IAM processes, while providing guidance and support as a trusted SME
Work with internal and external application support teams to extend the use of our identity solutions
Implement and support a Privileged Access Management (PAM) solution
Own identity problem resolution from end to end
Provide 24x7 support as needed for emergency situations and planned maintenance activities
Develop and maintain quality documentation relating to IAM, PAM, and related deployments and operations.
Plan and manage project tasks, schedules and resources related to identity solution deployments

Minimum Qualifications – Education and Experience

2+ years of hands-on experience with Okta
3+ years of experience working with IAM or PAM systems
Experience with various Identity and Access management concepts and technologies.
Experience must include Identity Governance and Administration and Privileged Access Management.
1+ years of hands-on experience with any well-known SIEM application
1+ years of Active Directory Group Policy management
Competency with one or more scripting or programming languages such as Python, PowerShell, Bash, or R

Preferred Qualifications – Education and Experience

Hands on experience with a major cloud platform, such as AWS or Azure
Experience with Sarbanes-Oxley and System and Organization Controls (SOC) Level 3 and CyberSecurity

Condition of Employment

Concerns regarding COVID-19 continue as positive cases are experienced in the communities in which we operate. Please be aware that, as a condition of employment, BioLegend requires proof of COVID vaccination for all U.S.-based employees (subject to limited exceptions) beginning January 18, 2022.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less Brand Specific Description:
Launched in 2002, Egencia has become the world’s leading digital corporate travel platform because of our commitment to delivering a higher standard of corporate travel service and innovative technology. Our success is directly attributed to our customers' ability to move businesses ahead, through their valued relationships with our company and more importantly, with our people. Lead by an experienced, forward-thinking management team, Egencia has continued to expand its offering of intuitive online tools and comprehensive agency services while maintaining its reputation for superior customer service.

Position Overview:
Egencia Chat Team is seeking a Software Development Engineer III to join our team of experienced software developers. The Chat Team's responsibilities span front-end web development to back-end travel services. We are looking for someone who can leverage their deep technical knowledge, passion for solving real-world business problems, and dedication to innovative thinking to ensure Egencia continues to be the technology leader in the corporate travel space.

Responsibilities:
You will collaborate with team members to co-develop and solve problems
You will take advantage of opportunities to build new technical expertise in a specific engineering area
You will understand the importance of system and technology integration and the basic features and facilities involved in the integration process
You will apply software design principles, data structures and/or design patterns, and computer science fundamentals to write code that is clean, maintainable, optimized, and modular with good naming conventions
You will help coordinate stakeholder input and collaboration efforts when developing solutions to issues
You can apply formal training methods to current workload. You feel comfortable challenging authority/the status quo
You report clearly on current work status. You ask challenging questions when empowered to do so


Competencies:
Experience crafting performant web applications using Java, Kotlin, JavaScript, React, and/or Spring
Strength in a language, moderate familiarity in other applicable languages
Familiarity in a couple data stores or API access patterns and integration
Familiarity with associated technologies within your specialization as part of the wider ecosystem
Understanding of how projects fit together within your team
Able to understand moderately complex systems
Ability to test and monitor your own code
Understanding of testing and monitoring tools
Ability to debug applications
Understanding of how teams’ goals fit a business need

Experience and Qualification:
0-2 years of industry software development experience in a team environment
Bachelor's/Master’s in Computer Science or related technical field; or equivalent related professional experience.
Relocation (Y/N): N

Location
Washington - MidStation Bellevue

It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all individuals based on job-related qualifications and ability to perform a job, without regard to age, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, creed, national origin, disability, genetic information, veteran status, citizenship or marital status, and to maintain a non-discriminatory environment free from intimidation, harassment or bias based upon these grounds.

GBT Recruitment Privacy Statement
Show Less Client is in Ohio but position can be remote. Must work EST.

12+ months

MS Teams video interview

IAM engineer and the key words would be Azure AD B2C, OIDC, OAuth2 etc.

Highlighted in Red are must haves and Green are nice to haves, underneath is some info about the responsibilities.

Qualifications:

· Experience developing custom user journeys in Azure AD B2C (MUST)

· Knowledge of OAuth2 and OIDC processes and platforms

Desired Experience:

· Experience integrating the Microsoft Graph API across any modern development platform

· Understanding of Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) and the common tools (Git, CI/CD, Docker, Postman, etc)

· Development experience with Node JS, Typescript (Nice to have)

· Experience with Authorization Framework/Specifications such as OAuth2, OIDC, SAML, Single Sign-On solutions

· Experience with RESTful APIs

· Secure Application Development practices

· Understanding of different access control systems:

o Role based access control (RBAC)

o Attribute based access control (ABAC)

o Context based access control (CBAC)

o Policy based Access Control (PBAC)

o Risk Aware based Access Control (R-ABAC)

Responsibilities Include:

· Azure AD B2C Developer on a team that includes an Architect, API Developer, and Engagement Manager

· Designing, building, and configuring a stand-alone Identity Access Management Framework using Azure AD B2C

· Creating and configuring single-page application to demonstrate the sign-in process using the OAuth Authorization Code with Proof Key for Code Exchange (PKCE) flow

· Integrating customers into a new Azure AD B2C instance with an approval process

· Configuring user and group membership management service to reuse user permissions with Azure AD B2C

· Creating and configuring end user flows

· Collaborating with customer stakeholders in the software development lifecycle

· Delivering Azure AD B2C prod level custom policies for sign-in, sign-up, forgot password and MFA

Job Type: Contract

Salary: $14.68 - $60.00 per hour

Experience:

Azure AD B2C: 8 years (Preferred)
OAUTH 2.0: 8 years (Preferred)
OIDC: 8 years (Preferred)
Node.js: 8 years (Preferred)
TypeScript: 9 years (Preferred)
RESTful API: 10 years (Preferred)
SAML: 8 years (Preferred)
Single Sign-On solutions: 8 years (Preferred)
.NET developer: 10 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Speak with the employer
+91 +13438092010

Show Less Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that is improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation is not about another gadget; it is about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There is no room for error. If you are looking for a better place to use your passion and your desire to drive change, this is the place to be. It's an opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)


Position in this function is responsible for Hadoop and Big-Data development, operations and maintenance. Responsible for implementing Hadoop based analytics and reporting solutions including loading from disparate data sets, preprocessing using MapReduce, Hive and Pig or similar technologies.


A professional at this position level within Optum has the following responsibilities: Scopes and delivers various Big Data solutions. Designs solutions independently based on high-level architecture. Manages the technical communication between the survey vendor and internal systems. Maintains the production systems (Kafka, Hadoop, MongoDB, and Elasticsearch) while testing changes in the lower environments. Collaborates with other development, analysis and research teams.


You’ll enjoy the flexibility to work remotely* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.


Primary Responsibilities:


Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture

Assemble large, complex data sets that meet business requirements

Identify, design and implement internal process improvements, automate manual processes, optimize data delivery, and propose re-designing of infrastructure as appropriate to achieve scalability and cost reduction

Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and ‘big data’ technologies like Hadoop, Hive, Datalake

Working experience in cloud technologies like AWS, Azure

Build and/or maintain analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics

Work collaboratively with management, client and stakeholders to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data reporting needs

Ensure that data is maintained and secured keeping in mind the ‘least-privilege’ security principle for teams’ access to it

Support the technical teams to design, develop, test and implement cost-effective strategies for assimilating and reporting of data

Identify risks and form contingency plans as soon as possible

Analyze existing operations and schedule training sessions and meetings to discuss improvements

Support the testing and auditing team members to ensure quality checks involved in reporting of sensitive data

Keep up-to-date with industry trends and developments


You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.


Required Qualifications:


Bachelors or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or Math, or equivalent experience

3+ years of experience as a Big Data Engineer or similar role

3+ years of experience programming in a back end language (Spark, Java, J2EE, Kafka, etc.)

2+ Experience with Data Analytics and Reporting

Experience with Spark, or the Hadoop ecosystem and similar frameworks

Advanced working SQL and No-SQL knowledge and experience working with a variety of databases (MySQL, NoSQL, Hadoop, MongoDB, etc.)

Solid analytic skills related to working with unstructured datasets

Familiarity with various cloud technologies such as AWS (EMR, RDS, Redshift, etc.) and Azure

Full COVID-19 vaccination is an essential job function of this role. Candidates located in states that mandate COVID-19 booster doses must also comply with those state requirements. UnitedHealth Group will adhere to all federal, state and local regulations as well as all client requirements and will obtain necessary proof of vaccination, and boosters when applicable, prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation


Preferred Qualifcations:


Snowflake experience or certification

Experience working with the Health and Human Services (HHS)

Experience working in CMMI Level 3 (or higher) environments

Confident and proactive self-starter, skilled in taking initiative, assessing requirements, coming up with plans, and taking the lead in making plans reality

Demonstrate a high degree of adaptability, comfortable in establishing new directions, managing rapid change, and trying different approaches to deal with uncharted territories

Possess excellent interpersonal skills to build and maintain positive, productive relationships with colleagues, managers, external stakeholders and client

Possess excellent written and verbal communication skills to coordinate team work and collaborate with management and stakeholders

Comfortable and experienced operating in an outcome oriented environment

Creative and innovative approach to problem-solving and attention to detail


#OptumCorp

To protect the health and safety of our workforce, patients and communities we serve, UnitedHealth Group and its affiliate companies require all employees to disclose COVID-19 vaccination status prior to beginning employment. In addition, some roles and locations require full COVID-19 vaccination, including boosters, as an essential job function. UnitedHealth Group adheres to all federal, state and local COVID-19 vaccination regulations as well as all client COVID-19 vaccination requirements and will obtain the necessary information from candidates prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation. Failure to meet the vaccination requirement may result in rescission of an employment offer or termination of employment


Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make health care work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)


Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $82,100 to $146,900. The salary range for Connecticut / Nevada residents is $90,500 to $161,600. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives.


All employees working remotely will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy


Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.


UnitedHealth Group is a drug - free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportComcast’s Technology, Product & Experience organization works at the intersection of media and technology. Our innovative teams are continually developing and delivering products that transform the customer experience. From creating apps like TVGo to new features such as the Talking Guide on the X1 platform, we work every day to make a positive impact through innovation in the pursuit of building amazing products that are enjoyable, easy to use and accessible across all platforms. The team also develops and supports our evolving network architecture, including next-generation consumer systems and technologies, infrastructure and engineering, network integration and management tools, and technical standards. We offer a flexible working environment to balance the need to work independently wherever you choose, with days that require collaboration at one of our offices. Our roles primarily reside inside or around one of our Tech Hubs (Philadelphia and surrounding suburbs, Denver, Austin, Silicon Valley, Washington DC/N. Virginia). Some roles can work virtual full-time if they are not near a Tech Hub, but that is dependent upon the needs of the position and amount of collaboration required.
Job Summary Responsible for working with the Network and Systems Engineers to create, maintain and enforce security plans and policies effecting the network. Responsible for securing all information and information systems assets of the Company network infrastructure. Design/install/operations of VPN, SoHo, WAF, IDS, DDoS, Partner Access Solutions, Network Security Stack powering Zero-Trust, Firewalls and microsegmentation protecting CCS operations infrastructure (SIEM, DataLake, WAF, IDS, SOC dashboards). Plays a lead role in the design of security safeguards and ongoing verification of Company's network security posture. Acts as a Network Security Subject Matter Expert for the company. Integrates knowledge of business and functional priorities. Acts as a key contributor in a complex and crucial environment. May lead teams or projects and shares expertise.
Job Description
Core Responsibilities
Recommends and ensures implementation of security safeguards to the Company's network
Security safeguards should be in accordance with industry standards, generally accepted business practices and Company security policies.
Ensures Network and Systems Engineers follow security best practices when deploying/configuring hardware and software.
Collaborates with the Network Operations team to ensure disaster recovery plans are viable and current.
Works with the Network Operating Center to maintain up-to-date troubleshooting guides that pertain to security.
Recommends policy for responding to security incidents along with a training program for those that might be involved.
Researches new and/or updated technologies as they come available that pertain to our environment.
Performs regular penetration tests and vulnerability assessments.
Takes lead on security audits, both internal and external.
Develops security scripts and recommend tools to support the Operations Security function.
Helps ensure that customer SLAs are met at all times. Responds quickly to downtime situations.
Communicates regularly with development and supports teams regarding system status and implementation schedules.
Provides insight and resolutions on security matters, acting as a Subject Matter Expert on cross-functional projects.
Consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in matters of significance.
Regular, consistent and punctual attendance. Must be able to work nights and weekends, variable schedule(s) as necessary.
Other duties and responsibilities as assigned.

Employees at all levels are expected to:
Understand our Operating Principles; make them the guidelines for how you do your job.
Own the customer experience - think and act in ways that put our customers first, give them seamless digital options at every touchpoint, and make them promoters of our products and services.
Know your stuff - be enthusiastic learners, users and advocates of our game-changing technology, products and services, especially our digital tools and experiences.
Win as a team - make big things happen by working together and being open to new ideas.
Be an active part of the Net Promoter System - a way of working that brings more employee and customer feedback into the company - by joining huddles, making call backs and helping us elevate opportunities to do better for our customers.
Drive results and growth.
Respect and promote inclusion & diversity.
Do what's right for each other, our customers, investors and our communities.

Disclaimer:
This information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees in this role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications.

Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer.

Comcast is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law.
Education
Bachelor's Degree
While possessing the stated degree is preferred, Comcast also may consider applicants who hold some combination of coursework and experience, or who have extensive related professional experience.
Relevant Work Experience
7-10 Years

Salary:
Pay Range: $91,844.86 - $137,767.28
Comcast intends to offer the selected candidate base pay dependent on job-related, non-discriminatory factors such as experience.
Base pay is one part of the Total Rewards that Comcast provides to compensate and recognize employees for their work. Most sales positions are eligible for a Commission under the terms of an applicable plan, while most non-sales positions are eligible for a Bonus. Additionally, Comcast provides best-in-class Benefits. We believe that benefits should connect you to the support you need when it matters most, and should help you care for those who matter most. That’s why we provide an array of options, expert guidance and always-on tools, that are personalized to meet the needs of your reality – to help support you physically, financially and emotionally through the big milestones and in your everyday life. Please visit the compensation and benefits summary on our careers site for more details.
Show Less 
ReportCome join a winning team! Here at Imprivata, you’ll see a dedicated group of professionals who care about improving healthcare. Our team thrives on collaboration and sharing ideas, whether in a cross-functional meeting or at one of our virtual team-building events.

While we're diverse in our backgrounds and skills, we have much in common. A passion for our mission. A strong sense of integrity. A belief that we're making a positive impact and a commitment to having fun.

We are seeking a Customer Support Engineer I to join our team.


We are seeking candidates who have the desire and drive to learn. The Customer Support Engineer I will be responsible for Imprivata’s EA/CC Product line to external customers and clients. Communication and requests are received by phone, email, and support portal.

In this role you will troubleshoot, debug, and diagnose as we will as advocate for customers on varying levels of complex issues. Responsibilities also include managing customer environments in production and sandbox through configuration, updates/patches

Duties and Responsibilities:


Provide support for Imprivata
Collect and analyze user and server logs to identify issues and trends.
Collaborate with integral teams such as development and customer success to resolve complex issues.
Manage production environments through System and application updates, configuration changes, and monitoring.
Create knowledge base articles/documentation for internal teams and customers.

Qualifications:
Communication & Efficiency

Minimum of 2 years’ experience in customer support/helpdesk or similar services.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to communicate complex issues between technical and non-technical audiences.
Organized with attention to detail, and time management skills.
Strong understanding of networking basics, TCP/IP model, and n-tier architecture.
Organized with attention to detail, and time management skills.

Desired Experience:

Linux administration
Experience with terminal-based SQL (Postgres, MySQL, or similar)
Understanding of authentication methods – MFA (Multi Factor Authentication), LDAP/LDAPS, SSO.
Experience in collection of and analyzing server applications
Working Conditions:

Indoor office environment.
Physical Requirements:

This role is regularly required to walk, climb stairs, sit, stand, talk, hear, and use hands and fingers to operate a computer and telephone.

At Imprivata, we have a top-notch work environment, developmental opportunities, a competitive total rewards package, and the desire to have fun. If you have the skills and qualifications as we have described above, we want to hear from you!


Please keep in mind that all Imprivata open positions are posted on our careers page, which is the only way to apply for prospective employment at our company. We only contact candidates regarding their applications via @imprivata.com email addresses. For more information on how to remain vigilant about your personal security and privacy, you may refer to the FTC resources on Scams here and resources on Identity Theft and Online Security here.

For more information about online scams, you may access the FBI Internet Crime resource page here. If you would like to report a scam, you may file an IC3 complaint with the FBI here.

Imprivata provides equal employment opportunities, regardless of race, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

#LI-Remote

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less Company Description

Convera is one of the largest non-banks B2B cross-border payments companies in the world. Leveraging decades of industry expertise to deliver smarter money movements, Convera is committed to ensuring that our customers capture more value with every transaction. Convera was formed to acquire the assets and companies that today comprise Western Union Business Solutions, a division of The Western Union Company which was completed on March 1st 2022.

What is important for us:

Security First – Our team focusses on security in everything we do, and we take it seriously with no compromises of any sort. We look forward to working with like minds.

Curiosity – Be curious, ask how things work and ask how you can learn new stuff. We believe curiosity fosters creativity.

Ownership – We have clients and customers who trust us because we show them that we own what we do in every sense. We expect that every team member completely owns the activities that he/she is responsible for.

Agility – We believe in planning ahead, but also in being open to changes. We welcome change and new challenges.

What we’re looking for:

We are looking for motivated and experienced IAM professional who will help lead our transition into our new secure cloud environment. This is a high impact and hands on role where the candidate will work closely with the Director of Identity and Access Management and CISO to help build out an industry leading IAM program.

In this role you will:

Responsible for designing, developing, testing, implementing, and integrating Privilege and Identity Access Management systems and solutions
Assessing requirements for Privilege Access Management (PAM) solutions to meet stakeholders needs
Design technical cybersecurity controls and define standards and best practices in the application of PAM principles and best practices for the public cloud, across the enterprise, and in secure application design
Drive requirements and design specifications for privileged access management solutions and direct others in performing these activities
Provides regular reports to leadership regarding security, capacity, usage, and licensing
Provide support for production PAM infrastructure systems and processes
Identify and document privileged account management business and technical use cases
Develop PAM best practices and solutions for common client problems
Responsible for designing, architecting, and implementing PAM solutions
Responsible for Privileged User account administration of various platforms like Windows, UNIX, Databases, Kubernetes using privilege access management products like CyberArk, Teleport, Okta ASA
Delivery of the Privileged Access Management (PAM) technologies, including accounts management, credentials management, secrets management, and software and systems patching
Responsibilities include identifying, analyzing, and resolving systems design weaknesses, prioritizing troubleshooting efforts, and pinpointing resolutions to complex issues surrounding access to systems
Facilitate the continuous adoption, training, communication, and education of PAM capabilities, functions, and standards
Ensures the maintenance, patching, operating, and monitoring of PAM systems
Work with various application teams to design, install, implement, architect, configure, and maintain one or more privilege access management platforms for cloud environments

Preferred Qualifications:

Have 7+ years’ experience in Identity and Access Management
Hands-on technical experience in systems integration or software engineering of Privilege Access Management (PAM) solutions (such as CyberArk, Teleport, Okta, Thycotic)
Expertise with Active Directory, MFA process and IAM protocols, etc. for authentication
Experience with PAM implementation for AWS or Azure
Motivated team player with a positive attitude, solid interpersonal skills
Experience with programming language like Java, Python
Experience with container-based infrastructure is a plus
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent
CISSP, or other industry recognized security certification(s) are preferred.

Additional Info:

Physical Requirements:

This is a full-remote position but has the option to be based in Seattle or Denver offices if desired.

Workhours:

This position requires the incumbent to be available during core business hours. The candidate will be part of a global team and work with members located in different time-zones.

Travel Requirements:

This position will require up to 5-10% travel.

Convera is an EEO Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Convera will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law. Convera provides equal employment opportunities to all people without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, pregnancy, physical or mental disability, protected medical condition, genetic information, military service, veteran status, or any other status or characteristic protected by law.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Privilege Access Management: 1 year (Required)
programming languages such as JAVA or Python: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Start your job application: click Easy Apply

Show Less Company Description

Join us and make YOUR mark on the World!

Are you interested in joining some of the brightest talent in the world to strengthen the United States’ security? Come join Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) where our employees apply their expertise to create solutions for BIG ideas that make our world a better place.

We are committed to a diverse and equitable workforce with an inclusive culture that values and celebrates the diversity of our people, talents, ideas, experiences, and perspectives. This is essential to innovation and creativity for continued success of the Laboratory’s mission.




Job Description

We have an opening for an Identity Access Management (IAM) Engineer to work on projects that cover a range of system, applications technologies in the areas of Enterprise Access Single Sign-on. You will research, develop, and integrate state-of-the-art software to provide Enterprise authentication and authorization services. This position is in the Applications, Simulations and Quality Division in the Computing Directorate.

This position will be filled at either the SES.2 or SES.3 level based on knowledge and related experience as assessed by the hiring team. Additional job responsibilities (outlined below) will be assigned if hired at the higher level.

In this role you will

Provide Web, REST API Single Sign-On authentication and authorization services by integrating with Access Manager
Work with developers to enable applications for authentication and authentication services
Monitor production services and respond to system problems and user issues
Contribute to the fulfillment of technical projects and organizational objectives functioning as an effective team member on multi-disciplinary teams
Provide technical assistance, training, and/or mentoring to others in the areas of authentication and authorization services
Participate in development of new processes and serve as a primary technical point of contact with sponsors and stakeholders
Exercise independent judgement to define, develop, and implement original solutions to complex problems of a broad and diverse scope at the team, directorate, or institutional level
Perform other duties as assigned

Additional job responsibilities at the SES.3 Level

Lead and provide enterprise solutions recommendation
Develop and lead new solutions that meet mission level goals
Own and Support current and future enterprise customers use cases
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines
Qualifications
Ability to obtain and maintain a US DOE Q-level security clearance which requires U.S. Citizenship
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science with security focus, or related field, or the equivalent combination of education and related experience
Knowledge of fundamental networking and distributed computing concepts, as well as security engineering, application security, and system security principles
Broad knowledge in one or more of the following areas (LDAP, PKI, RSA SecurID, CDSSO, SAML2, OAuth/OIDC, and other Claims based authentication)
Proficient programming skills in at least one of the major languages: Java, C++, Python, JavaScript, .NET
Knowledge in HTTP, XML, AJAX, REST, SCIM
Experience in Linux OS and Windows Development environments
Effective analytical and problem-solving skills to contribute to creative solutions to moderately complex problems on server side
Proficient verbal and written communication skills necessary to work effectively with application developers, system programmers, and other technical staff

Additional Qualifications at the SES.3 Level

Advanced knowledge of encryption algorithms and security protocols (RSA, SSL, TLS), as well as security vulnerability, ForgeRock, ADFS, Ping Federate, and other On Prem IDP Stacks
Master’s degree in Computer Science and 7 years or 10+ years’ experience in the Authentication, and IAM space, with a proven track record of leading large enterprise level Identity Solutions
Broad experience in Cloud and Federated platforms, and ecosystems, with Solutions Architect, or Security Architect Experience
Additional Information



Position Information

This is a Career Indefinite position. Lab employees and external candidates may be considered for this position.

Why Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory?

Included in 2022 Best Places to Work by Glassdoor!
Work for a premier innovative national Laboratory
Comprehensive Benefits Package
Flexible schedules (*depending on project needs)
Collaborative, creative, inclusive, and fun team environment

Learn more about our company, selection process, position types and security clearances by visiting our Career site.

Security Clearance

This position requires a Department of Energy (DOE) Q-level clearance. If you are selected, we will initiate a Federal background investigation to determine if you meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information or matter. In addition, all L or Q cleared employees are subject to random drug testing. Q-level clearance requires U.S. citizenship. For additional information, please see DOE Order 472.2.

Pre-Employment Drug Test

External applicant(s) selected for this position will be required to pass a post-offer, pre-employment drug test. This includes testing for use of marijuana as Federal Law applies to us as a Federal Contractor.

Equal Employment Opportunity

LLNL is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to providing candidates and employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. We value and hire a diverse workforce as it is a vital component of our culture and success. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, protected veteran status, age, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws.

LLNL invites you to review the Equal Employment Opportunity posters which include EEO is the Law and Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision.

Reasonable Accommodation

At LLNL, our goal is to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all candidates applying and interviewing at the Laboratory. If you need a reasonable accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please submit a request via our online form.

California Privacy Notice

The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) grants privacy rights to all California residents. The law also entitles job applicants, employees, and non-employee workers to be notified of what personal information LLNL collects and for what purpose. The Employee Privacy Notice can be accessed here.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less Company Overview

CCG is a technology company focused on equipping customers with the capabilities and support to conduct intelligent and successful cyber operations. We do this by finding the most talented engineers and operators in the country, giving them some of the most challenging problems facing the US government, and help them unleash their creativity and problem-solving skills. Excellence is our standard and mission success is our metric.

Role

The CCG IT Support Engineers provide critical systems and integration services for CCG infrastructure. You will maintain various resources for multiple business and software development teams by implementing security controls, maintaining and configuring systems, and providing operational support for CCG employees. You will also provide leadership in assigned technical areas, while working in conjunction with other team members to enhance and support CCG systems and services.

Work you'll do

Provide support across all channels, including chat, email, phone, video, in-person and remote.
Troubleshoot across CCG IT resources, applications, and various operating systems, including Windows, Linux, Mac OS and mobile platforms.
Analyze system performance and resources and implement solutions to enhance performance, correct problems and ensure systems are operating properly.
Identify, document, and recommend appropriate changes to improve infrastructure performance and reliability.
Analyze potential threats to end user devices and take appropriate action to prevent and remediate them.
Collaborate and share knowledge across the team with IT System Engineers.
Contribute to various initiatives, including process improvement and documentation efforts to enhance the user experience.

Required Qualifications

Must be able to obtain and maintain a SECRET security clearance (note, only US Citizens are eligible for security clearances)
Adhere to strict information system security guidelines
Customer service, client facing, and/or help desk experience
Ability to assist with writing policies and procedures, security compliance guidelines, infrastructure guides, and provide input for training modules
Understanding of containerization & orchestration
Beginner-Level knowledge of Linux (Ubuntu, Debian, CentOS, RedHat)
Beginner-Level knowledge of Microsoft (Windows, LDAP, Server 2016, 2019)
Familiarity of hypervisors (VirtualBox, VMware Workstation)
Beginner-Level knowledge of storage concepts and technologies
Continuous learner, both able and willing to quickly learn new technology and software.
Ability to work with minimal supervision, while regularly collaborating with team members.
Create and maintain user and computer accounts and modify permissions and access
Make recommendations to purchase hardware, software, system components
Work experience, including deploying and supporting desktops/laptops, phone systems, video conferencing and various wireless devices.
Ability to interact, meet, discuss, document, and troubleshoot with vendors; evaluate vendor products and services
Effective organizational, communication, leadership, and teamwork/collaboration skills, and passion for new technology and commitment to learning new skills.
Communicate effectively at all levels of the organization, in a written and oral format

Preferred Qualifications

Experience with task tracking software such as Jira.
Experience with the creation and deployment of system images in an enterprise environment
Experience with security compliance guidelines such as NIST and CMMC
Experience with Windows server & client, Windows Server architecture & management, Windows domain architecture, Windows Group Policy, Windows Active Directory, LDAP
Experience with K8’s, Docker, or Podman

We are an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $65,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year

Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus pay

Work Location: Hybrid remote in Herndon, VA 20171

Show Less Company Overview

Provision IAM is a custom digital solutions agency with specialized experience and knowledge in the financial and regulatory industry. For over 25 years, Provision IAM has helped businesses to manage digital operations and optimizations. Most recently, Provision IAM's FinTech team developed an innovative and affordable Identity and Access Management solution for financial institutions.

Our team’s capabilities range from the highly creative to the extremely technical. While we each have varying backgrounds, we all share one common characteristic — passion for work, which integrates seamlessly into our customers’ existing systems.

Provision IAM is a great place to work! We offer competitive salaries, an individualized networking and education budget, company-paid insurance benefits, IRA plan with company match, and more.

Headquartered in Cumberland, MD, we have an extended network of experts on our team who work in a dozen states. We recognize the critical impact each employee creates in helping us and our clients achieve success.

In addition to the agency work that we do, we specialize in implementing Identity and Access Management (IAM) systems. IAM is used to define and manage the roles and access privileges of individual users across internal systems. Provision® by Provision IAM is a single-source IAM system tailored to the financial industry. Provision automates repetitive tasks, so they are completed within minutes, not hours. It integrates with third-party systems, allows banks to achieve a superior level of compliance with regulations, and provides documentation and reporting of system-wide permissions and activity.

Identity and Access Management systems are not only applicable to financial institutions. They are ideal for universities that must manage a high volume of users, including students, faculty, and alumni. Universities also have the unique challenge of provisioning and de-provisioning accounts on a schedule that matches up with school semesters.




If you apply with us, you should thrive on being challenged by your work. You must be willing to think outside of traditional solutions and be ahead of the pack in learning newer technologies. Passion for your work should be your first priority. If this sounds appealing, we want to talk to you!

Job Overview

At Provision IAM, we work with a variety of technologies and frameworks. As an Identity Access Management Engineer, you will be working with our Developers and DevOps Engineers to integrate various systems with Identity and Access Management solutions for the purpose of user account provisioning and access control.

Daily tasks include:

determining and creating security roles

mapping fields and metadata between various systems

ensuring connectivity with network engineers

troubleshooting and integrating tasks with the client

We are active members of our community. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work with, and contribute to, open-source software and other community projects.

Salary range is $45,000 to $60,000 and will be commensurate based on experience. This is a full-time position.








Skills Needed:

Strong Proficiency in XML

Ability to read and write inone of the following common programming languages Java, Groovy, Python, C#,etc.

SQL Experience with relational databases SQL Server, Postgres, MySQL, etc.

Understanding of Access control techniques such as Role-Based Access Control, User Provisioning, Onboarding and SSO

Familiarity with Linux, Mac OS and Windows

Scripting in Windows/Linux environment

Bash/Powershell

It would be great if you have some of these:

Java Development

Windows/Linux Systems Administration Experience

Experience with deploying Java applications

Basic understanding of Windows Active Directory or LDAP

Knowledge of banking regulatory environments and risk management practices

Familiarity with auditing and compliance methods in an enterprise environment

Interest in DevOps, including tooling and automation

Experience with SAML, OAuth, OpenID or other SSO

Experience with midPoint or similar Identity Access Management application

Java Spring Framework, Spring boot, maven and or Gradle experience

Open-source contributions

Experience working as part of an Agile Team

Other Requirements:

Must be authorized to work in the United States

Must be highly proficient in written and spoken English

In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and complete the required employment eligibility verification form upon hire.


All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, or national origin.

Show Less CVS Health has a rich set of healthcare data for more than 150 million individuals and provides the best foundation for any ambitious data engineer to:

Solve the complex business problems using all the modern tools and technologies
Securely store, process, transform and enrich terabyte to petabyte scale of highly confidential healthcare data that helps in taking data driven business decisions
Provide best-in-class environment where everyone brings their heart to work to build technical solutions to support customers.

As a Data Engineer you will:

Develop scalable and reliable cloud-native solutions by following the architecture and dev ops best practices to support reusable, extensible, configurable components to deploy data products for business and analytics use cases for real-time and batch use cases.
Work as part of an implementation team from concept to operations, providing deep technical subject matter expertise for successful deployment. Responsible for developing data products from proof of concept to scalable solutions based on business priorities and impact using different modern tools and technologies on cloud or on-prem.
Implement methods for automation of all parts of the pipeline to minimize manual efforts in development and production. This includes designing and deploying a pipeline with automated data lineage.
Work on data engineering solutions to leverage best practices and industry leading tools and technologies to profile data, develop efficient ingestion, and build semantic data layers by sourcing data from PBM, Specialty, Retail and HealthCare business.
Conduct proof of concept on GCP, Teradata and/or Azure to design data solutions to explore data, understand the grain and relationship of the data entities, and attributes to implement next-generation data products. Test and compare competing solutions and report out a point of view on the best solution.
Operationalize and automate the data pipelines on Teradata and/or Big Data environments on on-prem/Cloud environments.

Pay Range
The typical pay range for this role is:
Minimum: 60,000
Maximum: 128,700

Please keep in mind that this range represents the pay range for all positions in the job grade within which this position falls. The actual salary offer will take into account a wide range of factors, including location.

Required Qualifications
1+ years of progressively complex related experience


Experience designing and building new scalable on-prem/cloud data engineering solutions using distributed frameworks like Spark, Hadoop etc.
Hands-on experience with cloud services. GCP preferred - BigQuery, DataProc, Cloud SQL, DataFlow, Pub/Sub, BigTable, Cloud Compose, Compute Engine, Cloud Functions etc.
Strong hands-on experience with languages like Python, PySpark, SQL, UNIX/Linux scripting or similar to access, extract, manipulate and summarize data.
Experience in modernizing the legacy platforms using modern tools and technologies on cloud or on-prem infrastructure.
Experience working with data warehouses, including data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ELT, and reporting/analytic tools and environments.
Hands-on experience in data modeling, building data catalog, data quality, data profiling solution using tools like Alation, Collibra, Informatica etc. or in-house solutions.
Working experience with Jenkins,Git, CI/CD pipeline, and other DevOps principles/best practices
Experience working in multi-developer environment, using version control (i.e. Git).

Preferred Qualifications
Cloud certifications (Data engineering/Solution Architecture). GCP/Azure preferred

Experience in Healthcare/Insurance industry
Experience communicating complex technical subjects to non-technical audiences
Knowledge of storage, networking, and IAM services on the cloud (GCP preferred)
Working experience with automation and orchestration tools
Experience working with cross-functional teams to develop innovative analytic solutions leveraging all available internal and external data sources
Experience with modern API and microservice patterns
Experience with NoSQL databases.
Excellent project management skills and ability to deliver in the fast-paced evolving environment
Experience working with Azure services (like Azure Data Lake Storage, Databricks, Delta Lake, Data Factory, Azure functions, Logic Apps etc.) or equivalent cloud-native platforms
Knowledge and working experience in agile frameworks like Scrum. Kanban etc.

Education
Bachelor‚Äôs Degree in Computer Sciences, Data Analytics, or related quantitative field

Business Overview
Bring your heart to CVS Health Every one of us at CVS Health shares a single, clear purpose: Bringing our heart to every moment of your health. This purpose guides our commitment to deliver enhanced human-centric health care for a rapidly changing world. Anchored in our brand ‚Äî with heart at its center ‚Äî our purpose sends a personal message that how we deliver our services is just as important as what we deliver. Our Heart At Work Behaviors‚Ñ¢ support this purpose. We want everyone who works at CVS Health to feel empowered by the role they play in transforming our culture and accelerating our ability to innovate and deliver solutions to make health care more personal, convenient and affordable. We strive to promote and sustain a culture of diversity, inclusion and belonging every day. CVS Health is an affirmative action employer, and is an equal opportunity employer, as are the physician-owned businesses for which CVS Health provides management services. We do not discriminate in recruiting, hiring, promotion, or any other personnel action based on race, ethnicity, color, national origin, sex/gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, age, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. We proudly support and encourage people with military experience (active, veterans, reservists and National Guard) as well as military spouses to apply for CVS Health job opportunities.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less Department Information

Mines is consistently ranked among the top engineering colleges in the United States and ranks number one as the best public school in the state for best value colleges. Mines is located in the heart of Golden, Colorado, a western suburb of Denver. The campus location offers a small-town ambiance with close proximity to all that the Denver metropolitan area has to offer with an abundance of cultural events, museums, theaters and sporting venues. A sunny, high-altitude climate with outstanding outdoor recreation opportunities make the Denver area an ideal place to live, work and play. We seek individuals who value a diverse and inclusive community – offering different perspectives, experiences, and cultures that enrich the educational and work experience.

Description of Job

The Identity and Access Management (IAM) Engineer is responsible for the design, implementation, and maintenance of enterprise identity systems within Information and Technology Solutions (ITS). The IAM Engineer replaces aging legacy systems and implements IAM operational plans with an automation-first strategy. This position works closely with stakeholders to understand business needs surrounding identity at an enterprise scale and works with ITS team members to address those needs. The IAM Engineer will maintain an awareness of, and implement industry best practices and procedures, ensure maximum availability and security of the university’s enterprise identity infrastructure, and ensure campus compliance.

Responsibilities


Identity System Administration

Design, develop, test, implement, and integrate Identity and Access Management (IAM) systems and solutions. Ensure that solutions protect information resources against unauthorized use, inappropriate degrees of access, disclosure, damage and/or loss.
Configure and maintain IAM software and hardware systems, including preparation and maintenance of proper documentation.
Work closely with ITS Leadership to establish, communicate, and review IAM governance including policies, service level agreements, and standard procedures.
Perform investigation/troubleshooting, improvements, and bug fixes to respond to ongoing system issues identified by both internal and external users.
Ensure systems meet service level agreement targets and limit technical debt accumulation.
Develop user guides and other types of knowledge base documentation for ITS staff and end users.
Transfer knowledge and train IAM operations staff, system administrators, and support personnel on the maintenance and operation of built systems.
Support enterprise Directory Services including Active Directory, Open LDAP, and MIT Kerberos.
Coordinate with vendors to enable single sign-on (SSO) integrations.
Engage with other groups within ITS to ensure identity systems meet their requirements, e.g., security requirements and infrastructure requirements.

Strategy Development

Design, develop, test, and implement enterprise IAM solutions.
Take existing SSO applications and migrate them to new systems, as necessary.
Build out workflows and best practices related to IAM.
Set up role management using best practices within the IAM platform.
Create and manage IAM governance around access controls.
Outreach and Communications
Train front-line user support staff, to provide tier 1 support for users.
Provide escalated support for diagnosing and resolving client-side issues.
Create and deploy communication plans for outages, maintenance, and other impacts.
Notify all IT user support staff when issues might impact end-users.
Engage with community partners and maintain relationships with those that provide service to regional initiatives.
Attend university events and engage with the Mines community as a representative of the department.
Engage with other groups both around Mines and within ITS to understand and support their identity needs.
Participate in working groups and communities of practice pertaining to IAM as well as foundational technologies such as cloud operations and DevOps.
Audit and review Mines’ enterprise identity lifecycle management to identify and resolve inconsistencies.



Minimum Qualifications, Substitutions, Conditions of Employment & Appeal Rights

Education and Experience:

Bachelor's degree required, preferably in computer science or a field closely related to computer science. Individuals without a degree may be considered if they demonstrate possession of substantially the same knowledge level as found in a degree but have attained advanced knowledge through a combination of work experience and intellectual instruction.
Minimum of five years of relevant professional experience working within the field of Information Technology in one or more areas of IAM engineering, IAM software development, Computer Systems Engineering, Systems Administration, managing technical systems, and/or enterprise software development.
Minimum of four years' experience implementing and managing at least one enterprise identity management solution (Okta, Ping, Sailpoint, etc.).
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:
Understanding of SSO architecture.
Basic knowledge of PowerShell, Java, or other scripting languages.
Extensive hands-on knowledge of identity and access management best practices, procedures, and software solutions such as Sailpoint, ForgeRock, Okta, Ping Identity, etc.
Extensive knowledge and experience with identity and access management technology, such as single sign-on (SSO), two-factor authentication, privileged access management, etc.
Ability to lead the development of technically complex functionalities and work with other team members & business partners to deliver value through automation.
Knowledge of security best practices.


Preferred Qualifications


Education and Experience:

Master's degree, preferably in computer science or a field closely related to computer science. Experience in developing workflow automations.
Experience with implementing new IAM platforms.
Experience managing access and permissions where necessary and implementing automated solutions.
Certifications and Licenses:
CISSP
CIMP



Supplemental Information

Equal Opportunity


Colorado School of Mines is committed to equal opportunity for all persons. Mines does not discriminate on the basis of age, sex, gender (including gender identity and gender expression), ancestry, creed, marital status, race, ethnicity, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, veteran status or current military service. Further, Mines does not retaliate against community members for filing complaints regarding or implicating any of these protected statuses.

Mines’ commitment to nondiscrimination, affirmative action, equal opportunity and equal access is reflected in the administration of its policies, procedures, programs and activities and in its efforts to achieve a diverse student body and workforce.

Through its policies, procedures and resources, Mines complies with federal law, Colorado state law, administrative regulations, executive orders and other legal requirements to prevent discrimination (including harassment or retaliation) within the Mines campus community and to address potential allegations of inequity or concerns for safety.

Pay Range


$80,500 - $94,400

Mines takes into consideration a combination of candidate’s education, training and experience as well as the position’s scope and complexity, the discretion and latitude required in the role, work location, and external market and internal value when determining a salary level for potential new employees.

Total Rewards


Mines is proud to provide exceptional benefits that include pay, health & wellness and work/life balance offerings. Our portfolio of benefits includes medical, dental, vision, disability insurance, flexible spending accounts, life insurance, and retirement savings plans. Additionally, Mines employees are eligible for tuition benefits (for employees and dependents), generous paid holidays and leaves and discount programs. For more information, visit Mines benefits.


How to Apply


Please apply at https://jobs.mines.edu/en-us/job/495976/identity-and-access-management-engineer. Application review will begin 10/31/22; for full consideration please apply by 10/30/22 at 11:55 p.m. Applicants will be asked to complete an online application (personal information, demographic information, references, veterans status) and upload a resume and cover letter (required). References will not be contacted until later in the selection process and you will be informed before that contact is made.

For questions about this position, please reach out to Kathy White at kwhite1@mines.edu.

Show Less Description

Job Description:

Seeking a career with a sense of purpose, work life balance, and growth opportunities … There’s a place for you at Leidos! At Leidos, we are committed to making the world safer, healthier, and more efficient through technology, engineering, and science. You would be a valued member of global team providing services across civil, defense, health and intelligence business lines. At Leidos, team member career development, flexibility, and well-being are priority and is supported by consistent leadership engagement, an experienced human relations staff, and numerous employee support programs.

Use your unique talents and make an immediate impact…

The Enterprise and Cyber Solutions (E&CS) Operation within Leidos’ Defense Group is seeking an Identity and Access Management Systems Engineer to be responsible for the upkeep, configuration, and reliable operation of computer systems in support of the Compartmented Enterprise Services Office (CESO) NOC. The Identity and Access Management Systems Engineer will to contribute to the deployment and maintenance of an IdAM solution to serve as a comprehensive Identity as a Service (IDaaS) platform for CESO.

Primary Responsibilities

Design, develop and maintain a comprehensive IDaaS solution based on the Okta (identity and access management) platform.
Have experience in identity access management and governance, to include single sign on, identity federation, enterprise directory architecture and design, and resource provisioning; Okta preferred.
Demonstrate advanced understanding of business processes, internal control risk management, IT controls and related standards
Identify and evaluate complex business and technology risks, internal controls which mitigate risks, and related opportunities for internal control improvement
Understand complex business and information technology management processes
Responsible to install, integrate and deploy Okta products in client environments.
Communicate to clients and partners aspects of both the product and the implementation at the technical and functional level appropriate for the situation.
Work with the Identity Access Management team to continue making enhancement to the Identity Access Management program.
Work closely with development teams to perform User management, group management and Password management requests.
Create and maintain Identify Access Management metrics.
Document various system access for all Users to store in a centralized repository (CMBD)
Support efforts regarding audit findings, adherence to compliance and organizational change.
Responsible for working to resolve Okta system issues escalated within the service level agreement.
Ability to create, and modify CONOPS, and Standard Operating Procedure documents

Basic Qualifications

BS in computer science or IT and 8+ years of experience. Add'l experience may be considered in lieu of degree.
IAT Level II Baseline Certification (e.g. CCNA Security, CySA+, GICSP, GSEC, Security+ CE, CND, SSCP)
Candidate must possess an Active TS/SCI clearance and ability to obtain and maintain CI Poly
Knowledge of Identity and Access Management platforms
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Ability to work effectively with both technical and non-technical audiences
Demonstrated ability to work in a complex, fast paced environment

Preferred Qualifications

Prior experienced with DISA and DISA’s support to mission partners
TS/SCI w/CI Poly Preferred
Experience with: Active Directory, Identity lifecycle, Oracle Identity Manager or other IDM platform, Federation protocols (SAML, OAUTH, OpenID) and zero trust principles.

gsmo

#tn15

Pay Range:
Pay Range $65,000.00 - $100,000.00 - $135,000.00

The Leidos pay range for this job level is a general guideline only and not a guarantee of compensation or salary. Additional factors considered in extending an offer include (but are not limited to) responsibilities of the job, education, experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities, as well as internal equity, alignment with market data, applicable bargaining agreement (if any), or other law.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less Description

Summary:

The IAM Engineer - Expert is accountable for delivery and implementation of IAM technologies across the bank.

Duties & Responsibilities:

Ensure that Huntington’s identity & access management services are designed to be compliant with security and privacy standards and other industry standards and practices.
Work with Portfolio Manager deliver IAM projects and key milestones.
Consult with business units when implementing access for new systems.
Other duties as assigned

Basic Qualifications:

Associate's Degree
6+ years of experience in Information Security or in management of a cross functional department
6+ years of experience gathering requirements and demonstrating successful delivery
Experience in IDAM solutions both on-premises and in the cloud.
Experience administering IDAM systems, access controls, security and risk management, as well as a security governance framework at scale.
Experience and understanding of various regulatory requirements and laws such as, but not limited to, Payment Card Industry (PCI), Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC), Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX), Health Information Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA). Additionally, experience in one or more of the following is required: ISO 17799, ITIL or NIST.

Preferred Qualifications:

CISSP, CISM
Extensive knowledge of SSO, MFA, Active Directory (AD), public key infrastructure (PKI), privileged accounts and integration application program interface (API) capabilities.
Track record acting with integrity, taking pride in work, seeking to excel, being curious and adaptable, and communicating effectively.

#LI-Remote

#LI-MH1


Exempt Status: (Yes = not eligible for overtime pay) (No = eligible for overtime pay)

Yes

Workplace Type:

Huntington is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for all regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, gender identity and expression, genetic information, or any other basis protected by local, state, or federal law.

Tobacco-Free Hiring Practice: Visit Huntington's Career Web Site for more details.

Agency Statement: Huntington does not accept solicitation from Third Party Recruiters for any position

Show Less 
ReportDescription

The Koch Global Solutions Cloud Identity team provides modern identity solutions and services for all Koch businesses. We are responsible to the entire enterprise for designing innovative services, creating, and sharing best practices, and providing support for our services. At Koch Global Services we believe in being “All In, All Together”, meaning we are all individually responsible for understanding our vision, strategies, and our actions that support those. We must work as a global team, seek ways to breakdown silos and leverage individual and team aptitudes to create a competitive advantage and exceptional value for our customers.

We have an exciting opportunity to hire an Identity and Access Management Engineer to join our already skilled engineering team. This individual will be a part of a global team that manages authentication and identity tools and procedures for Koch Industries. Working closely with global colleagues, as well as customers, will provide significant global exposure.

What You Will Do In Your Role

Work as part of a distributed team providing Engineering support for an enterprise environment consisting of SailPoint, Ping Federate, PingID, Azure Active Directory, AWS, Virtual Directory Services, and thousands of integrated applications as Koch continues to move to modern applications
Provide support for modern authentication protocols (SAML, OAuth and OIDC) supporting SSO integrations (including incidents and tickets)
Participate in acquisition and merger projects to integrate identity systems
Lead experiments with new technologies, policies & procedures that drive innovation and advances for customers
Leverage development skills to deliver value added services across various API layers using Python and CICD
Understand the needs/challenges of our customers and provide the right path forward for long-term strategic perspective

The Experience You Will Bring
Requirements:

DevOps experience in a large multi domain/forest/tenant enterprise
Understanding in the following: Modern Authentication (SAML, OAuth and OIDC), API’s, and Directory Services
Experience with Enterprise Access Governance involving SOD, provisioning, Auditing, Access Certifications (SailPoint)
Development experience with Python/Java
Good understanding and hands-on experience in Azure/AWS cloud platform

What Will Put You Ahead

Implementation/Consulting Experience with Ping Federate, Radiant Logic VDS, Azure Active Directory, and related cloud applications
Experience with application infrastructure - both traditional on-premises and cloud server-less
Experience with Modern Authentication (SAML, OAuth, OIDC), and/ or Directory Services (Virtual Directory Services, Active Directory, LDAP)
Good understanding of modern Application architectures from an identity Point of view.
Hands-on experience working and building with REST API’s
Experience with SCIM, JIT and ETL
Experience with CIAM solutions
Infrastructure automation experience using tools like Ansible, Salt Stack etc


Our goal is for each employee, and their families, to live fulfilling and healthy lives. We provide essential resources and support to build and maintain physical, financial, and emotional strength - focusing on overall wellbeing so you can focus on what matters most. Our benefits plan includes - medical, dental, vision, flexible spending and health savings accounts, life insurance, ADD, disability, retirement, paid vacation/time off, educational assistance, and may also include infertility assistance, paid parental leave and adoption assistance. Specific eligibility criteria is set by the applicable Summary Plan Description, policy or guideline and benefits may vary by geographic region. If you have questions on what benefits apply to you, please speak to your recruiter.




At Koch companies, we are entrepreneurs. This means we openly challenge the status quo, find new ways to create value and get rewarded for our individual contributions. Any compensation range provided for a role is an estimate determined by available market data. The actual amount may be higher or lower than the range provided considering each candidate’s knowledge, skills, abilities, and geographic location. If you have questions, please speak to your recruiter about the flexibility and detail of our compensation philosophy.



For this role, we anticipate paying $85,000 - $140,000 per year. This role is eligible for variable pay, issued as a monetary bonus or in another form.






Equal Opportunity Employer.
Except where prohibited by state law, all offers of employment are conditioned upon successfully passing a drug test.
This employer uses E-Verify. Please visit the following website for additional information: www.kochcareers.com/doc/Everify.pdf

Show Less Designing and developing IAM (Security) solutions which consist of quarterly security access reviews (for Financially Significant Applications), validations (Employees and Contractors of the organization), deployments (Profile based access requests provisioning and de provisioning), enhancements, reporting & dashboards support activities and monitoring - information security, enterprise identity and access management (Security) system leveraging the Identity and Access Management platform;
Performing technical aspects of Identity and access management; (Cyber Security) platform implementation, across different phases including Architecture, Design, Implementation / Realization, Unit Testing, System Integration Testing, User Acceptance Testing, Production Rollouts, and Post-Production Support;
Configuring of code in support of all components of the Identity Access Governance solution, OKTA Cloud, and Privileged Access Management. This ranges from workflows to adapters, firewalls, network zones, OVA appliance setup, database integration, authentication (LDAP/Okta), security policies and system configuration; design, implement and support release/deployment Management processes.
Providing continuous Integration and continuous deployment using automation/tagging frameworks (On-prem) and Terraform/cloud formation framework (cloud); ensuring requirements gathered, processes defined and use cases documented follow out of the box (OOB) configurations vs customization as much as possible; and identifying Security risks & issues and develops remediation recommendations.
Track the remediation & mitigation of known vulnerabilities and drive them to resolution.
Must have a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or a related field plus five (5) years of experience in the job offered or related occupation. Must have 3 years of demonstrated progressive experience in Information Security, with emphasis on Identity Access Governance, Authentication, Single-Sign-On Solutions, compliance reports, firewalls, and security; 3 years of experience in Identity & Access Management (IAM) with provisioning and governing tools SailPoint’s IdentityIQ (IIQ) and ACCELQ; 3 years of experience in entitlement management experience leading or supporting an enterprise RBAC function or entitlement management function; 4 years of experience in application programming/scripting languages (C, C#, Power Shell, bean shell); 3 years of experience in FIDO/FIDO2, LDAP, Active Directory, PKI (ADCS), Kerberos, OAuth/SAML/OIDC, SSO and federation technologies. and risk-based password less solution; 3 years of experience in writing complex IDM code and IDM trace files, configuring, and customizing IDM Connectors; 4 years of experience in programming with Java, Middleware Technologies (Web services, WEB API, SOAP, REST / XML and REST), SQL DBMS, Active Directory, LDAP/Directory Server design; 3 years of experience in system administration and deploying solutions on Linux and Windows; 3 years experience in troubleshooting applications in complex network environment, and writing situation reports to prevent future occurrence of event; 3 years of experience in administration of disaster recovery solution, troubleshooting, and optimizing High Availability solutions; 4 years of experience with version control systems (Git, SVN and Azure DevOps); and 3 years of experience configuring direct connections to the cloud from on-premise, gateways, virtual networks, and security segmentation technologies in a production environment.

Location
United States - Arizona - Phoenix

The US national annual base salary range for this position is from $70,000 to $140,000. The national range provided includes the base salary that GBT expects to pay for the role. Actual base salary will be based on factors including the scope and complexity of the role and the successful candidate’s relevant experience, skills, knowledge, and work location.
In addition to base salary, this role is eligible for our Annual Incentive Award plan, which rewards participants based on company and individual performance. For information about our comprehensive US benefits programs and eligibility, please review our 2022 Benefits-at-a-Glance document.
GBT 2022 Benefits-at-a-Glance

It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all individuals based on job-related qualifications and ability to perform a job, without regard to age, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, creed, national origin, disability, genetic information, veteran status, citizenship or marital status, and to maintain a non-discriminatory environment free from intimidation, harassment or bias based upon these grounds.

GBT Recruitment Privacy Statement
Show Less Discover. A brighter future.

With us, you’ll do meaningful work from Day 1. Our collaborative culture is built on three core behaviors: We Play to Win, We Get Better Every Day & We Succeed Together. And we mean it — we want you to grow and make a difference at one of the world's leading digital banking and payments companies. We value what makes you unique so that you have an opportunity to shine.

Come build your future, while being the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future with Discover.

Job Description

At Discover, be part of a culture where diversity, teamwork and collaboration reign. Join a company that is just as employee-focused as it is on its customers and is consistently awarded for both. We’re all about people, and our employees are why Discover isa great place to work. Be the reason we help millions of consumers build a brighter financial future and achieve yours along the way with a rewarding career.

The Infrastructure Engineer works on holistic engineering deliverables across different stages of the product lifecycle and determines technology patterns for the overall solution. This role takes the lead on guiding more junior engineers and is a role model in fostering the adoption of new technologies.

Responsibilities

Assist in maintaining high performance levels, maximum uptime and overall integrity of internal and production systems Work collaboratively with Development to deploy and operate our systems.
Administer Advanced Analytics infrastructure in AWS.
Automate infrastructure via infrastructure-as-code and configuration management.
Collaborate alongside engineers and the product teams on business and operational matters
Maintain the performance, monitoring, and scale management in the cloud environment
Support software development processes via continuous integration and delivery.
Design and Support Access patterns, IAM policies and overall system security.
Look for ways to improve and streamline processes and procedures.
Troubleshoot and resolve issues in our development, test and production environments.
Achieves product commitments (and influences others to do the same) by using informal leadership & highly developed communication skills and contributes to or led technology communities
Uses automation, system tools, open-source solutions, observability and 'security first' principles in daily work
Contributes to team agile ceremonies, leads demos and presentations, helps new engineers learn established norms
Initiates high level solution design approaches, and guides team to achieve desired key software delivery capabilities using automated, coded enterprise and observability
Participates in internal speaking and advocacy events
Supports research activities to adopt new technology solutions in ways of developing new capabilities
Continues professional education and create opportunities for core product teams to learn engineering best practices
Coaches immediate chapter and is actively fosters the adoption of new technologies

Minimum Qualifications

At a minimum, here’s what we need from you:

Bachelors – Computer Science or related
3+ Years – (Software) Engineering, DevOps or related
Internal applicants only: technical proficiency rating of competent on the Dreyfus engineering scale

Preferred Qualifications

Bonus Points If You Have:

1+ years working with Cloud Technologies
1+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer, working in AWS.
Experience with AWS IAM Roles & Policies, API Gateway, Route 53, EC2, S3, Lambda and RDS.
Experience with web application servers (NGiNX, Apache, Squid)
Experience with infrastructure-as-code methodologies and proficient use of orchestration and configuration management tools such as Ansible.
Understanding of the entire AWS Product and Service suite (EC2, S3, VPC, CloudFormation, RDS, Lambda, Redshift, EMR, SQS, SNS etc.) of products and their applicable use cases, best practices and implementation, and support considerations.
Experience with resource, security, and cost management strategies in AWS.
Experience in Linux system administration.
Experience implementing multi-account governance in AWS.
Experience in Python Programming.
Experience managing code on Github
Exceptional communication skills.
Experience working with an Agile Development software team.

External applicants will be required to perform a technical interview.

#Remote

#BI-Remote

#LI-JJ1

What are you waiting for? Apply today!

All Discover employees place our customers at the very center of our work. To deliver on our promises to our customers, each of us contribute every day to a culture that values compliance and risk management.

The same way we treat our employees is how we treat all applicants – with respect. Discover Financial Services is an equal opportunity employer (EEO is the law). We thrive on diversity & inclusion. You will be treated fairly throughout our recruiting process and without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status in consideration for a career at Discover.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportDragonfli Group LLC is seeking an Identity and Access Management Engineer. This individual will define the security architecture underlying the ForgeRock Identity Cloud application ensuring that it supports enterprise strategies and objectives.

Position Responsibilities

Leading workshops related to workforce authentication architecture, collect end-user requirements, and define use cases
Provide subject matter expert (SME) recommendations to engineers to improve architecture and design
Design multi-factor authentication (MFA) use cases for workforce & related to customer identity and access management (CIAM)
Provide support for all design, implementation, and maintenance activities related to Identity Access Management (IAM) with ForgeRock.
Develop and maintain user onboarding workflows and provisioning.
Develop and maintain access certifications.
Support onboarding of application and platform users.
Provide IAM support to end users.
Monitor IAM platform components and resource.

Requirements:



Required Qualifications

ForgeRock Architecture including design, development, and support experience involving identity and access management IAM solutions
ForgeRock Access Management (AM) (2-4 years) including installation, configuration, and maintenance responsibilities
Bachelor's Degree from an accredited college or university with a major in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Business, or other related scientific or technical discipline.
Experience working with Account Management, Entitlement and Certifications.
Experience working with Role-Based Access Control and Policies.

Preferred Qualifications

Knowledge of ForgeRock Identity Cloud platform capabilities and best practices architectures and engineering solutions or other cloud service
Knowledge of ForgeRock Workforce IAM
At least 10-years of architecture, design, development, and support experience with IAM solutions

Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off

Travel:



Quarterly to client sites


Salary:

$120,000 - 175,000 + bonus + benefits
Show Less Engineer, Application Security

The primary role will be as the technical SME for our Identity Management platform,
with additional responsibilities including providing full lifecycle support for security
technologies and conducting security assessments of both company built and commercial applications. This position will be based at our Andover location with travel to the Boston location as needed. During parts of the system life cycle, weekend and afterhours work will be required.

Qualifications:

6+ years of IT Security experience
Bachelor‚Äôs Degree with focus in Computer Science, MIS, or Engineering
Experience with Java is required. Familiarity with other languages like Python is also desirable
Ability to work with and facilitate/lead other teams within the technology organization to help define and rollout governance policies
Effective communication skills, independent thinking and the ability to develop

concise and easily digestible documentation that is targeted for teams across the technology organization.

Ability to multi-task in an extremely fast paced environment and the initiative to skill up on new technologies quickly
Experience with Access Management and Directory servers
Experience with Windows PowerShell scripting
Experience developing web services, Spring Boot, Kubernetes, Rancher and Harness are all desired
Experience working on Linux systems, SQL and administering the WebLogic platform are all desired
Able to work within the overall standards set by the company for application development
Team oriented; flexible (having the willingness and ability to readily respond to changing circumstances)
Very responsive and a high-level commitment to assigned tasks
Helpful, positive attitude

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $100,000.00 - $125,000.00 per year

Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
On call
Weekend availability

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus pay

Application Question(s):

Do you have experience with Identity Management & Governance products like Oracle Identity Manager (OIM), Microsoft Identity Manager, Sailpoint, Saviynt or Omada etc.? (Please list)
Do you have experience as a functional and technical product owner with responsibilities that include operational support, administrative support and product lifecycle related patching and upgrade activities? Please describe.
Have you led an IAM product implementation?

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Identity & Access Management: 6 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Show Less Enterprise Holdings is the world’s largest car rental operator and an industry leader in mobility and technology. We’re one of the top global travel companies, ranking ahead of many airlines and most cruise lines and hotels. And no matter what transportation challenges our customers face, we have an innovative solution.

We operate the Enterprise Rent-A-Car National Car Rental and Alamo Rent A Car brands via more than 9,500 fully staffed neighborhood and airport offices, including franchisee branches, in nearly 100 countries and territories.


Through this robust global network, we operate a fleet of nearly 1.7 million vehicles and provide a comprehensive portfolio of transportation solutions, including car rental, carsharing, vanpooling, car sales, truck rental, vehicle-subscription and affiliated fleet management services. As a total mobility provider, we serve the needs of a wide variety of customers, businesses, government agencies and organizations every day.


At the center of it all, our dedicated IT teams innovate, design and develop the technology that is redefining how customers rent, buy and share vehicles from our family of brands. Here, you will be part of a diverse and talented team that creates and delivers powerful technology solutions for our customers and employees across the world with the resources and support to develop in a variety of career paths.

As an Enterprise employee, we offer an excellent package with market-competitive pay, comprehensive healthcare packages, 401k matching & profit sharing, schedule flexibility, work from home opportunities, paid time off, and organizational growth potential.

This position is open to candidates who wish to work from home (WFH). Employees who choose virtual / remote work should have an adequate space to serve as their home office. #LI-REMOTE

Responsibilities:

The Information Security Office has an exciting opportunity for a Systems Engineer within their Identity and Access Management team. As a Systems Engineer, you will contribute to the delivery of EHI’s IAM program to ensure employees and affiliates have the right access, at the right time, to EHI’s most critical and sensitive data and systems.


In this role, your focus will be to collaborate with peers to ensure the proper implementation of SSO integrations and Active Directory systems and services. Throughout your everyday duties you will be ensuring identity, access, data protection, and information security considerations are addressed. Additionally, you will share technical expertise to enable the team to analyze requirements and implement solutions.


The successful candidate will be a driven, organized, effective collaborator and communicator.

Essential Functions:
Accurately and efficiently implement, and provide support of, single sign-on technologies
Contribute to the maintenance of the overall SSO and Active Directory product lifecycle to ensure quality of our solutions
Take an active role in applying advanced methods, theories, and research techniques to continuously identify, influence, and implement strategies to improve our security posture and organizational efficiency
Provide direction in key interactions with others to define, analyze, and deliver customer solutions to meet expectations
Collaborate and partner with engineers, architects, and teams throughout IT to ensure appropriate alignment of requirements to SSO & Directory Services solutions and capabilities
Must be committed to protecting our customers, our employees, and our brands by incorporating security and compliance in all decisions and ensuring security policies and procedural requirements are met

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans

Qualifications:

Required:
Must be presently authorized to work in the U.S. without a requirement for work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future
1+ years of related experience
Experience working with Active Directory (including multi-domain forests, sites & services/replication topology) implementation, configuration, troubleshooting and operations
Familiarity with Active Directory Federation Services, Azure Active Directory and Azure AD B2C (including MFA and access policies)
Familiarity with Azure AD Connect
Familiarity with SAML, OpenID Connect, and FIDO2
Ability to quickly triage problems, determine root cause and drive resolution
Proficiency with advanced Group Policy evaluation, implementation, and support
Experience in assisting with IT Security Policy Interpretation
Experience providing security consultation on projects
Excellent communication skills
Must be committed to incorporating security into all decisions and daily job responsibilities
Preferred:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Management Information Systems, or related field preferred
Experience with Azure B2C custom policy development and CI/CD pipeline management
Experience with BitBucket & Jenkins
Experience with AWS account management/policies and AWS IAM
Experience with Splunk log aggregation and reporting
Experience with scripting languages
Experience with cloud automation technologies, such as Terraform
Experience working with PAS services and solutions, CyberArk, secrets management, RSA
Experience with Windows Core OS
Experience leading / guiding others through transformational change
Microsoft Cloud, CISSP, or other security certifications are a plus

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less ForgeRock Identity Management Engineer

Location: 100% Remote

Client: DoD

Duration: Long Term

***Candidates must be a U.S. citizen and be able to obtain a Secret security clearance ***

Job Description:

We are seeking an experienced ForgeRock Identity Management Engineer. The ideal candidate will apply deep Cloud security skills to provide Security Services. Specifically:

Design, build and protect enterprise systems, applications, data, assets, and our clients across multiple Cloud environments.
Provide services to help clients protect their information, infrastructures, applications and business processes against cyber threats.
Provide appropriate access to applications, systems, and data with advanced authentication.
Utilize IAM (Identity and Access Management) programs to enable federal clients to protect against digital identity risks.
Review and development of REST APIs required for integration with target applications.

Qualifications

A Bachelor's degree in a related field.
At least 8 years of experience in implementing Governance for a Cloud engagement.
Experience in deploying ForgeRock stack in AWS cloud platforms.
Experience with custom development of IAM solutions.
Must be knowledgeable in all ForgeRock products (AM, IDM, DS).
Familiarity with development languages: Java, Beanshell, etc.

Please fill the below details:

Full Name (First, Middle & Last Name) – as per SSN:

Work Authorization:

Best telephone number to reach for interview:

E-mail Address:

Current Home Location:

LinkedIn:

Currently on Assignment(Yes/ No):

Willing to relocate(Yes/No):

When can you Start on the Project:

Education: Degree/University/Year of Graduation:

Expected Rate(W2/C2C/Fulltime Salary):

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $72,556.98 - $162,855.82 per year

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

Are you a US Citizen?

Experience:

deploying ForgeRock stack in AWS cloud platforms: 2 years (Required)
Must be knowledgeable in all ForgeRock products (AM, IDM, DS: 1 year (Required)
custom development of IAM solutions: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Show Less Front End Software Development Engineer
If you are a Front End Software Development Engineer with experience, please read on!

We are a leading cloud-based SaaS Property Management System in the US with over 1,800+ hotels using our property and reservation management system, channel manager, and booking engine. We are focused on bringing additional tools and functionality that will allow our customers to continue to save time and increase revenue. We are looking for an experienced Front End Developer Engineer to join our growing team!
What You Will Be Doing
You will report directly into the CTO and be responsible for building and coding software solutions for our clients
Take designs and convert them into functioning pages of the application
Tackle problems and develop solutions
Deep knowledge of parts of the system, its domain and its technology
Diagnose and resolve front end issues
Translate designs into reality for feature-rich applications
Have a passion for the hospitality and lodging industry!
What You Need for this Position
HTML
CSS
JavaScript
React
Redux
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Front End experience
What's In It for You
Remote working environment
- Company Health Insurance Plan - we cover 50% of the employee's premium

Dental, Vision, Short Term Disability, and Life Insurance available at a group rate
Competitive Paid Time Off including Personal Time Off, Sick Leave, Bereavement, Voting, and Parental Leave
7 Paid Holidays: New Year's Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day and the following Friday, Christmas Day
Access to 401k Company Plan

Computer and associated essential tech equipment for your home office
So, if you are a Front End Software Development Engineer with experience, please apply today!
Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact McKenna Johnson

Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.


CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
Show Less 
ReportGames for Love is a 501 (c)(3) non-profit organization that works to ease suffering, save lives, and create sustainable futures for children. We believe in the concept of "distraction therapy" and bring the joy of gaming into the lives of our junior gamers in hospitals around the country. We plan to help 10 million kids in the next 5 years. We have a healthy ecosystem to achieve that goal with your intelligent contribution.

We are seeking a Software Engineer to join our team. The Software Engineer will be creating an application that allows kids to select on a screen what video game they would like to play. The games are either pre-loaded and stored onto the computer, or playable online through a program such as Steam or Xbox Gaming Pass.

Responsibilities

*Create an application for kids to play video games. *Load the games on the computer to allow it to emulate. *Create a Linux laptop that only has administration rights for GFLX *Set administrative rights to allow kids to access shows, homework files (Canvas), email applications (Gmail, Microsoft Outlook), social media apps (Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, TikTok, for teenagers) *Record kids' reactions on video (Vocal Video). *Create access to safety blockers and anti-virus scanning.

Qualifications

*Able to donate approx.5 hrs. a week for a minimum of 6 months *Genuine interest and passion for software development *Minimum 2 years experience in the software industry *Knowledge of Unix/Linux, Python, C++, Java, HTML5/CSS3, JavaScript, PHP *Good project management skills , time management skills with a proven ability to focus on priorities, solve problems, juggle multiple tasks and meet deadlines, all while maintaining a positive outlook *Able to work well in a team environment and communicate effectively with all development disciplines *Ownership on creating a positive highly productive work environment


Qualifying Attitude:

*You want to be part of something great that positively impacts society especially in times of crisis. *You are proactive to collaborate remotely.

Benefits:

*Work from anywhere on earth - 100% remote *Massive networking opportunities with 500+ members of our community *Level up your skills *Volunteer grants approved *OPT & CPT programs *Make a big impact in the world *Have lots of fun partnering with passionate game developers *Join the mastermind group and learn from top game developers *Volunteer recognition & awards

Games for Love is an equal opportunity organization. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status, or any other legally protected status.

We are looking forward to receiving your application. Thank you.

Available shifts and compensation: We have available shifts all days of the week. Compensation depends on your experience.

About Games For Love: Games For Love is a 501(c)(3) dedicated to easing suffering, saving lives, and creating sustainable futures for children. Learn more about us at www.gamesforlove.org.


By applying to this job, you agree to receive periodic text messages from this employer and Homebase about your pending job application. Opt out anytime. Msg & data rates may apply.

Powered by Homebase. Free employee scheduling, time clock and hiring tools.

Show Less GEICO’s Cybersecurity Identity Governance and Access team is seeking an experienced Engineer to join the team. The successful candidate will demonstrate their ability to think strategically and be innovative in their support to securely manage user access, achieve efficiency, and high-performance. The candidate will participate in the resolution of complex problems and facilitate the implementation of process improvements, therefore must be comfortable working with analysts, developers, product owners, and stakeholders across multiple teams. The candidate will support in proactively ensuring the highest levels of systems and infrastructure availability, stability, protection, and user experience. They must be intellectually curious and have the desire for continuous self-development.

Position Description

The Cybersecurity Identity Governance Engineer is a key member of the staff, working across Business Services Engineering, Identity Management Platform, and cybersecurity best practices to ensure that we provide a superior experience for our customers. Our teams thrive and succeed in delivering high quality technology products and services in a hyper-growth environment where priorities shift quickly.

The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 3 years combined experience in the areas of application development, systems security, networking, and information security – preferably with some knowledge about an Identity Management platform. Must have an automation mindset to support efforts that improve Customer Experience.

Position Responsibilities

Engineering Identity and Access Governance related solutions in support of GEICO’s security programs.
Engage in cross-functional collaboration throughout the entire Identity Lifecycle.
Ensuring efficient processes with reduced complexity and technical debt and share best practices.
Collaborate with developers, analysts, and other engineers to process user requests and troubleshoot system issues.
Engage in problem-solving initiatives.
Working with vendors and service providers to achieve optimum availability, efficiency, and user experiences.
Ensuring/creating documentation and playbooks for operational processes.
Prioritize, plan, and build roadmaps for improvement initiatives.
Support the creation of a team environment that fosters diversity, inclusion, mental safety, and innovation.

The candidate will be working with other engineers, developers, and analysts on the Identity and Access Management organization to protect GEICO’s information assets both internally and externally. Candidate must have the ability to plan, prioritize, manage risks, execute, and provide status to management. The role demands some project management skills, great interpersonal skills, and strong written and verbal communication skills. The candidate must be willing and able to do effective presentations.

Requirements

Comptia Security+ certification or the ability to secure the certification in 6 months after onboarding.
3+ years hands-on experience or working knowledge of Information Systems and Active directory.
3+ years’ experience using Visio
A Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Information Systems, or equivalent education or work experience.
At least 3 years’ experience with security standards, process improvements, and user support.
Critical and analytical thinking skills.
Software development experience, PowerShell or similar scripting language.
Ability to perform root cause analysis.

Required Certifications

Security +
Azure AZ-900

Benefits

At GEICO, we make sure you have the support and resources to leverage and develop your skills, secure your financial future, and take care of your health and well-being. GEICO continually seeks to provide a workplace where everyone can be their authentic self. To help achieve this goal, we support associate-led Employee Resource Groups that foster a true sense of community. Through GEICO’s competitive benefits offerings and various training and development opportunities, we have you covered with our Total Rewards Program* that includes:

Premier Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance with no waiting period**

Paid Vacation, Sick and Parental Leave

401(k) Plan

Tuition Reimbursement

Paid Training and Licensures

Benefits may be different by location. Benefit eligibility requirements vary and may include length of service.

**Coverage begins on the date of hire. Must enroll in New Hire Benefits within 30 days of the date of hire coverage to take effect.

GEICO is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to cultivating an environment where equal employment opportunities are available to all associates and job applicants regardless of race, color, religious creed, national origin, ancestry, age, gender, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, familial status, disability or genetic information, in compliance with applicable federal, state and local law. GEICO celebrates diversity and believes it is critical to our success. As such, we are committed to recruit, develop and retain the most talented individuals to join our team.

#LI-JD3

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less Hi, We’re AppFolio.

We’re innovators, changemakers, and collaborators. We’re more than just a software company — we’re a cloud-based powerhouse that creates products to make our customers’ lives easier. We’re revolutionizing the way people do business, and we want your ideas, your enthusiasm, and your passion to help us keep on innovating. We love where we work, and you can, too.

**NOTE: Our major development hubs are based in Santa Barbara, CA and San Diego, CA. However, we're open to exploring remote-first working arrangements in other locations around the United States if relocation is not desired.**

Who we are looking for:

We are hiring a Full Stack Senior Software Engineer to be a founding member of our Identity and Access Management team. Are you interested in developing and leveraging expertise in a mission critical domain? Do you want to solve deep technical problems and work with a system that must scale across a rapidly growing customer base? Do you love seeing the fruits of your labor via regular customer feedback and delivering measurable improvements? You might be who we’re looking for.

Security isn’t only core to AppFolio and our values - it’s paramount to our customers and the longevity and trustworthiness of their businesses. In this role, you and your team will ensure safe and secure access across all of AppFolio Property Manager, keeping millions of users and their data safe by taking a customer-centric approach to balancing security and convenience. You will own this domain - from the UI that customers experience when they login, all the way through managing users, roles, and permissions. Together with your team you’ll relentlessly chase down usability problems, scale our infrastructure to support larger customers and internal company growth, as well as guide product development teams in best practices related to IAM.

Responsibilities:

Own and improve our libraries and infrastructure supporting authentication and authorization through independent study, cross-functional collaboration, and partnership with existing subject matter experts.
Act as an evangelist in product security - capable of setting patterns, standards, and mentoring more junior developers.
Determine key architectural and design decisions enabling a scalable and robust system with a simple customer experience - this will involve some combination of leveraging our existing technology, refactoring, integrating with partners, or starting from scratch when it makes sense.
Participate in customer research/discovery with Product partners to understand customer problems, needs, and estimate technical feasibility of various potential solutions.
Work in a truly agile fashion to turn unruly problems into thinly sliced deliverables and execute quickly against them while limiting work in progress.
Hold a high bar of engineering excellence and always look for ways to raise it. Adopt our engineering best practices, provide and receive in-depth code reviews, and participate in healthy debate as a team. Evangelize your own expertise and experience among your teammates and the rest of the organization.
Prioritize quality. Thoughtful test coverage is a given and any escalations from external stakeholders like customer care are handled and resolved swiftly.
Together with your team, your solutions are always well-instrumented. Queries and dashboards are easily accessible and regularly used to drive decisions as well as measure and celebrate progress.
Enthusiastically participate in a high performing, empowered team with high levels of mutual trust and respect. As part of an empowered team, you will take ownership of your problem space - reflecting and growing from our failures and celebrating our successes.

You know you're the right fit if you have…

Experience developing web applications (5+ years in software development), preferably in an agile SaaS environment.
Experience designing and implementing identity and access management solutions.
Knowledge in common industry standards and protocols and their implementations in production environments. (i.e. MFA, OAuth, SSO, SAML, OpenId Connect, etc.)
Proven experience working across all levels of the development stack.
Mastery experience with a few areas of our tech like Ruby on Rails, React, SQL
Strong familiarity with Agile software development processes: Scrum or Kanban
Strong familiarity with Test-Driven-Development
Strong familiarity with Secure software development practices and the OWASP Top 10
Creativity and proactivity - an ability to solve complex problems without a roadmap
A love of learning about and using new tech, but also understand the value of continuing to leverage existing technology when it gets the job done.
A core belief in stewarding the long-term maintainability of the codebase and advocate for refactoring and code cleanliness.
The ability to identify and resolve code-smells through sensible refactoring.

If you are interested in creating exceptional SaaS products and being part of a successful public company, apply today!

#LI-EB1
#LI-AR1

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less HOW TO APPLY
Send your resume, contact information, and position title to careers@sienna-systems.com.
REQ#1902: Oracle Identity and Access Management Engineer - Falls Church, VA

Individual will illustrate subject matter expertise in the areas of Oracle Identity and Access Management suite of products. Individual will be a senior ICAM/IdAM engineer on the project and implement ICAM services for the client. In addition, individual will guide other ICAM technical staff in the areas of installation, configuration and administration of Oracle products including Oracle Internet Directory, Oracle Identity Manager, Oracle Access Manager, Oracle Identity Federation and Oracle Virtual Directory.

Primary Job Duties:

Plan installation, configuration, and testing of Oracle Identity Manager, Access Manager, Virtual

Directory, Internet Directory, and Identity Federation

Configure and implement Identity Manager to support digital identity lifecycle management including Self Service Access Request, administering users and passwords, and configuring roles and identity attributes
Configure and implement Oracle Identity Manager for its various forms of reconciliation,

synchronization and data replication

Configure and Implement Role and Attribute Based Access Control Policies using OAM
Test and evaluate the full capabilities set of Oracle IdM products
Support developers in integrating with source data repositories
Support developers in customizing workflow and web interfaces and other customizable components of Oracle’s products as required

Qualifications:

Knowledge of Oracle Fusion Middleware and WebLogic Application Server 11g Release
Knowledge of Oracle Database 11
Knowledge of Microsoft Active Directory
Knowledge of Oracle Internet Directory 11.1.1.1.0 and Oracle Virtual Directory 11.1.1.1.0 and Oracle Identity Manager 11g
Knowledge of Oracle Access Manager and Oracle Identity Federation 11 g
Knowledge of Windows and Red Hat Linux System Administration
Java Development, JAVA, J2EE, SQL: 5 years
Unix Systems Administration: 5 years
Database Administration: 5 years
Software / Application Engineering: 5 years
BS in Computer Science or related field

Show Less  IAM Engineer

Location: Remote (EST hours)

Contract-to-Hire

Required Qualifications:

6 - 8 years of strong IAM implementation and support/operations experience
Strong oral, written communications skills
Customer Facing Exposure is a must
Strong ability to think creatively when approaching issues.
Strong critical thinking and problem-solving skills.
Exceptionally self-started, directed and detail oriented.
Ability to establish credibility and working relationships with a wide range of corporate personnel, including operations, management, executive and legal staff as well as external personnel.
Experience in deployment and implementation/support in any of following listed Identity & Access Management Tools,
IBM Tivoli Identity Manager (ISIM) – Primary Skill
IBM Access Manager
SailPoint
Thycotic Secret Server
Good understanding of LDAP concepts and working experience with at least few of the following directories:
Azure Active Directory
Active Directory
Azure AD, SSO, MFA
Experience working with Application Servers (WebLogic, Websphere) or developing J2EE products.
Oracle Financial experience a plus
Should have the ability to understand customer scenario and requirements (may include integration situations) and be capable of suggesting solutions
Should have good knowledge on current IDM, strong Authentication and PKI (Public Key Infrastructure) technologies and products
Excellent communication skills and ability to work with global counterparts. Detail orientated with the ability to document technical details
Ability to lead the steady state operations
Certifications in any of the IAM products would be an added advantage

Job Types: Contract, Full-time

Pay: $60.00 - $70.00 per hour

Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Compensation package:

Bonus pay

Experience level:

5 years

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Linux: 1 year (Preferred)
Cybersecurity: 1 year (Preferred)
Information security: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Show More Identity & Access Management (IAM) Engineer


Location: Remote or Someone in Eastern Time Zone


Position Summary:


Bentley Systems is seeking an Identity & Access Management (IAM) Engineer to become a valued member of our successful team. The IAM Engineer is responsible for helping with the direction and health of the IAM program. This includes supporting a wide variety of IAM related tasks for consumers of Bentley Cloud Services with the capability to support cloud and on-premises application services. This will require interaction with potential or current users of our Cloud Services. This person will participate as an effective member of a passionate, highly skilled, collaborative team that supports Bentley Information Security policies and meets all relevant compliance requirements.


Responsibilities:


Performs all responsibilities in accordance with Bentley Information Security requirements.
Works directly with customers to find solutions to their identity issues.
Consults with potential and current users of Bentley services to set up and maintain federated connections.
Assist colleagues and customers with a wide range of IMS related support tickets.
Performs duties related to the full identity lifecycle.
Participates in the enhancement process for the IAM program.
Perform additional duties as assigned.


Required Knowledge, Skills, Abilities, and Experience:


2+ years of direct customer support experience, preferably in a professional service setting
High level of attention to detail and accuracy
Strong written and oral communications skills
Desire to self-start and work independently
Ability to represent the Bentley IAM program and effectively communicate with our international partners
Occasional availability for an on-call basis to respond to pending issues or problems arising during non-business hours and provide support and response
Ability to learn new concepts and provide solutions in a dynamic business environment
Requires sitting or standing at will while performing work on a computer (or any other physical requirements). The role requires communication with managers, peers and other colleagues of the company in person, and by utilizing Microsoft Teams chat, calling and meeting functions.
This role does not require travel.


Desired Knowledge:


Understanding of modern Identity & Access Management concepts and best practices
Ping Identity IAM platform experience
Knowledge dealing with inbound/outbound SAML/OIDC based federations
Knowledge dealing with OAuth 2.0 / OIDC


What We Offer:


A great Team and culture – please see our Recruitment Video.
An exciting career as an integral part of a world-leading software company providing solutions for architecture, engineering, and construction.
Competitive Salary and benefits.
The opportunity to work within a global and diversely international team.
A supportive and collaborative environment.
Colleague Recognition Awards.


Who We Are:


Bentley Systems (Nasdaq: BSY) is the infrastructure engineering software company. We provide innovative software to advance the world's infrastructure – sustaining both the global economy and environment. Our industry-leading software solutions are used by professionals, and organizations of every size, for the design, construction, and operations of roads and bridges, rail and transit, water and wastewater, public works and utilities, buildings and campuses, mining, and industrial facilities. Our offerings include MicroStation-based applications for modeling and simulation, ProjectWise for project delivery, AssetWise for asset and network performance, Seequent's leading geoprofessional software portfolio, and the iTwin platform for infrastructure digital twins. Bentley Systems employs more than 4,500 colleagues and generates annual revenues of approximately $1 billion in 186 countries. www.bentley.com


About Bentley Systems

Bentley Systems (Nasdaq: BSY) is the infrastructure engineering software company. We provide innovative software to advance the world's infrastructure – sustaining both the global economy and environment. Our industry-leading software solutions are used by professionals, and organizations of every size, for the design, construction, and operations of roads and bridges, rail and transit, water and wastewater, public works and utilities, buildings and campuses, mining, and industrial facilities. Our offerings include MicroStation-based applications for modeling and simulation, ProjectWise for project delivery, AssetWise for asset and network performance, Seequent's leading geoprofessional software portfolio, and the iTwin platform for infrastructure digital twins. Bentley Systems employs more than 4,500 colleagues and generates annual revenues of approximately $1 billion in 186 countries.

www.bentley.com


Equal Opportunity Employer

Bentley is an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, religion, national origin, age, or any other protected characteristic. This commitment extends to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, compensation, and training. EEO is the Law and EEO is the Law Supplement documents provide additional information about your rights as an applicant under the law.


Bentley Policy on EEO, Affirmative Action and Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination

Bentley participates in e-Verify / Bentley participate in e-Verify / Right to Work Notice


Request an Accommodation

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, Bentley is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. We encourage you to request a reasonable accommodation if you are not able to fully use or access our online application system. You can make an accommodation request by calling 610-458-5000 or sending us an email at disabilityrequest@bentley.com


#LI Remote

#LI-RB1

Show Less Identity & Access Management Engineer

Hybrid-Atlanta, GA

Direct Hire

Our client, a leading global law firm, is currently seeking an Identity and Access Management Engineer to join our Information Technology department in Atlanta. The Identity and Access Management Engineer will be responsible for providing support for design and implementation of IAM processes utilizing IGA solutions. This includes design of business processes to support the identity lifecycle, provisioning and deprovisioning of accounts/access and access certification reviews. The IAM Engineer will also be responsible for the remediation of audit findings and risk management for user entitlements across the firm and will participate in compliance audits.

The firm offers a generous total compensation package with bonuses and raises awarded in recognition of individual merit-based performance. Eligible employees may participate in our client's comprehensive benefit program including health and wellness plan, life and disability insurance, flexible spending accounts and a health savings account, a 401(k) plan, profit sharing plan, on-site gym access, discount programs, an onsite childcare center and a substantial Paid Time Off (PTO) program.

IAM Engineer Candidates will have the following responsibilities:

Identity and Access Management. Responsible for developing, implementing, and maintaining identity lifecycles using the firm’s IAM/IGA tools.

The engineer is also responsible for protecting critical applications, data, and systems from unauthorized access through managing the access rights of identities both inside and outside the organization.

The IAM processes are responsible for provisioning and de-provisioning accounts in all firm systems – to include Active Directory, Azure AD, TACACs, iManage and other accounts.

The engineer will work closely with the application owners, organizational units, and other IT peer organizations to understand security and operational requirements of the various systems and applications for the purpose of provisioning access and entitlements.

The IAM Engineer will also work closely with the Cyber Risk function to incorporate appropriate controls to support compliance with any number of frameworks adopted by the firm (ISO, HIPAA, Client, etc.)

The IAM Engineer will participate in various audits to provide proof of compliance and will also generate necessary reports on a periodic basis to support continuous control objectives.

This position will configure certification campaigns according to specifications provided by the Cyber Risk function.

IAM Engineer Requirements:

Bachelor's degree, preferably in Computer Science, Information Technology, Computer Engineering, or related IT discipline; or equivalent experience.

Experience in the following areas: Identity Management, Access Management, Role Based Access Control, User Access Certification and Federation.

5+ years’ experienceusing Java, JavaScript, XML, DSML, Bean shell.

5+ years’ experience in SailPoint IdentityIQ solutions.

5+ years’ experience with Web Services (Web API, REST, SOAP, etc.)

Experience with directory management such as LDAP/Active Directory solutions.

Experience with cloud-based identity management (Azure AD, GCP, Amazon AWS).

Understanding of OpenID, OAuth, OpenID Connect, SAML, SCIM, protocols.

Experience supporting SailPoint IdentityIQ including building workflows, monitoring tasks, initiating certifications, and executing reports.

Experience with Linux, Tomcat, Oracle, SQL Server etc.

Proficiency with Microsoft (MSFT) Windows server, MSFT Exchange, MSFT SQL, and related MSFT infrastructure technologies (i.e., PowerShell).

Certification on an IAM product (preferably SailPoint IdentityIQ)

Experience in administration, installation and troubleshooting of IAM solution in an enterprise environment

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $88,181.00 - $120,000.00 per year

Benefits:

401(k)
Employee discount
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Paid time off

Schedule:

5x8
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
On call

Work Location: Hybrid remote in Atlanta, GA 30309

Show Less Identity & Access Management Engineers

Indigo is an established provider of Identity, Governance and Access Management solutions. Our products and services help our customers by increasing security, reducing fraud and managing risk. Our technology captures high velocity high volume event streams in real time to detect risks based on deterministic and configurable rules. We further use Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence and Graph Analysis techniques to define, detect and defend against on-line fraud.

We need hands-on people who can get excited about a growing company that strives to provide a competitive advantage to its Fortune 5000 customer base via cutting edge technology solutions that deliver value.

Experienced candidates that show a history of professionalism drive, and commitment to excellence will be considered. Our consultants are hands-on resources that are self-motivated leaders with desire to become experts on specific technologies.

Identity & Access Management Engineer Responsibilities

Work with Senior Identity Architects in designing and deploying Identity & Access Management Solutions including Access Management, Single Sign On, Federation services, Identity Management & Provisioning
Deployment and monitoring of ForgeRock IAM platform in Kubernetes
Evaluate current security practices and provide recommendations to improve security, performance and availability
Work with vendor support to diagnose and resolve technical issues

Common Requisite Skills

The ideal candidates must possess a combination of both consulting skills and technical skills:
Excellent Oral and Written Communication Skills
Experience with Complex Multi-Platform Technology Solutions
Material Understanding and Appreciation of the Software Development Lifecycle
Self Motivated Quick Learner
Pragmatic Problem Solving Skills
Ability to Gain Client Confidence

Preferred Skills

Experience with Identity & Access Management products from ForgeRock especially AM, DS and IG
Hands on experience with ForgeRock AM developing and configuring custom authentication Nodes/Chains, SAML federation, OAuth and OIDC Protocols
Hands on experience with ForgeRock IG, configuring routes and developing custom filters
Familiarity with Kubernetes and the ForgeRock CDM model
Excellent knowledge of Java
Excellent knowledge of Unix/Linux Operating Systems and shell programming
Familiarity with Agile development methodology
Familiarity with version control systems like GIT

If you have the skills above and want to be challenged to take your career to the next level, send a brief introduction and full resume . We will sponsor H1 for selected candidates.

Please no 3rd parties, all positions are for Full-time Candidates and or Independent Contractors and any resume received will be treated as such.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $80,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year

Benefits:

Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off

Compensation package:

Bonus pay

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

IAM: 1 year (Required)
Java: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: One location

Show Less Identity and Access Management Engineer

A global technology leader is seeking a Identity and Access Management Engineer for a full time role. This role will be hybrid.

Qualifications:

UNIX Secruity
Agile Methodology
Linux/UNIX
Scripting (Bash, PowerShell, Perl)
SQL




To apply, please send your resume to max@libertyjobs.com

Max Unthank| Liberty Personnel Services, Inc.
410 Feheley Drive | King of Prussia, PA 19406

610.941.6300 EXT 112 | 610.941.2424 Fax

max@libertyjobs.com

www.libertyjobs.com

linkedin.com/in/max-unthank-025a42a4

Show Less IDR is looking for an Identity Management Engineer for a 3+ Month Contract sitting onsite with one of our Fortune 500 clients in the Healthcare Industry. If you are looking for an opportunity to join a large organization and work within an ever-growing team-oriented culture, please apply today!

Position Overview for Identity Management Engineer

The Identity Management Engineer will be usingtactical user provisioning, identity administration, access management, password management, password synchronization, performance tuning, and monitoring security and compliance events. The position also works as part of a cross-functional team that deals with the full spectrum of technology and will fulfill the role of third level support for identity management technologies, providing training and direction to other technical staff that perform the bulk of the first and second level support tasks.

Must-Have Skills:

3+ years’ experience working with Access Management tools
Experience with Microsoft Active Directory
Experience working with either, Windows, Novell, Linux, Unix, and VMware
Technical knowledge of Microsoft Identity Manager / SailPoint (Identity IQ /IdentityNow)
Bachelor’s Degree required

What’s in it for you?

Competitive compensation package
Full Benefits; Medical, Vision, Dental, and more!
Opportunity to get in with an industry leading organization
Close-knit and team-oriented culture

Why IDR?

20+ Years of Proven Industry Experience in 4 major markets
Employee Stock Ownership Program
Dedicated Engagement Manager who is committed to you and your success
Medical, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance
ClearlyRated’s Best of Staffing® Client and Talent Award winner 9 years in a row

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $30.00 - $45.00 per hour

Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

COVID-19 considerations:
MUST be able to provide proof of COVID-19 vaccination

Work Location: Remote

Show Less Infineon is looking for a Firmware & Hardware Application Engineer to join our Efficient Power Supplies Isolation & Connectivity (EPIC)business unit in El Segundo, CA. As an application engineer in the technical marketing team, you will collaborate with our global engineering, marketing and sales teams to support Go-to-market activities of Si, SiC and GaN products for power conversion applications.

In your new role you will:

Develop and debug firmware/software solutions for power converter designs
Run system simulations to deliver the optimal digital controller solution
Design the hardware of the application boards targeting power supply and residential solar & storage segments
Conduct hardware and software validation tests and document all the relevant results
Contribute to application board roadmap definition by collaborating with other system application engineers
Support and train our technical and sales teams to transfer digital control solutions to customer
Develop application literature such as application notes, technical articles and promotion material
Prepare training material, webinars for global AE and sales team
Contribute to IP development


You are best equipped for this task if you have:

A bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science/IT. An advance degree is preferred.
3+ years of software/firmware development experience for digital signal processors and/or microcontrollers
Prior experience with ARM Cortex based microcontrollers using C programming language
Good understanding of power electronics, SMPS and inverter topologies such as PFC, LLC, DAB, string, cyclo inverters etc . Power converter design experience is desired.
Experience with system simulations using tools such as Simetrix, SPICE and PLECS among others
Experience with PCB tools such as Altium, Cadence etc
Working knowledge of MOSFETs, Wide Bandgap Devices, gate driver ICs, digital isolators, optocouplers and other IC components
Technical customer support experience is desired
Good laboratory, problem solving, multi-tasking and effective presentation skills
Willingness to learn on the job



Infineon Technologies cares about our employees’ health and well-being, and we are dedicated to offering a competitive, comprehensive, and valuable benefits package for you and your dependents. Our benefits range from medical, Rx, dental, vision, and an employee assistance program. We offer ancillary benefits, such as flexible spending accounts, commuter transit, disability insurance, supplemental life insurance, and legal and identity theft benefits. We believe it is very important for our employees to save now for their future and offer a robust match to contribute to your savings.



Infineon is a world leader in semiconductor solutions. We make life easier, safer, and greener – with technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone. Our solutions for efficient energy management, smart mobility, and secure, seamless communications link the real and the digital world.

At Infineon we are a compassionate, confident, and pioneering group of individuals who are daring to dive into the world’s biggest challenges with imagination and an open-mind. We come from different backgrounds with varying levels of expertise, yet we respect one another as equals. We recognize that there are big challenges ahead for our planet—we’re compelled and excited to join the quest for a better future, and we hope you are too!
This position not quite right for you? Check out other opportunities to help shape the future with us: Americas Career Landing Page

Part of your life. Part of tomorrow.

Infineon Technologies Americas Corp., is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, legally protected medical condition, family care status, military or veteran status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state, or federal laws. Applicants with questions about access or requiring a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process should contact the Talent Network by phone at (408) 503-2194.

Employment at Infineon is contingent upon proof of your legal right to work in the United States under applicable law, verification of satisfactory references and successful completion of a background check and drug test, and signing all your on-boarding documents .

In some instances, if applicable, U.S. export control laws require that Infineon obtain a U.S. government export license prior to releasing technologies to certain persons. This offer is contingent upon Infineon's ability to satisfy these export control laws as related to your employment and anticipated job activities. The decision whether or not to submit and/or pursue an export license to satisfy this contingency, if applicable, shall be at Infineon's sole discretion.

IMPORTANT NOTICE :
Infineon is requiring all new U.S. employees and contractors to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Full vaccination is defined as two weeks after both doses of a two-dose vaccine or two weeks since a single-dose vaccine has been administered. Anyone unable to be vaccinated, either because of a sincerely held religious belief or a medical condition or disability that prevents them from being vaccinated, can request a reasonable accommodation.

Infineon Technologies takes data privacy and identity theft very seriously. As such, we do not request personally-identifiable information (PII) from applicants over the internet or electronically. Please kindly refrain from disclosing your PII electronically during the application process or to unauthorized websites that may purport to be Infineon or any of our affiliates.
#LI-MB1

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportISE01H – Software Development Engineer

Brief Description:

The Software Development Engineer uses in-depth knowledge and experience to oversee the writing and modifying of complex software application programs. This position will create detailed specifications or designs, conduct quality assurance reviews of peer's application programming, and act as a resource for team members with less experience. The Software Development Engineer will code, test, debug, document and maintain software application programs. Requires direct interaction with IT vendor partners, business clients and other internal partners. Must be able to maintain professional and collaborative working relationships with all. Solves complex problems; takes a new perspective using existing solutions. Works independently receives minimal guidance. Frequently inter-organizational and vendor partner contacts. Represents the organization in providing solutions to difficult technical issues associated with specific projects.

Specific job duties:

Partner with a multiple vendors to create estimates and delivery plans for projects at a capability level.
Ensure quality of technology delivery of multiple vendors’ technology solutions for multiple concurrent projects at capability level.
Provide technology leadership and delivery accountability for solutions for multiple concurrent projects within an application family. (i.e. Claims, C&PS, or CS&DW)
Function as team leader with accountability:
Setting direction to mature the technology associated with the team. Key aspect of this is “tech debt” removal when possible.
Identify and implement process enhancement opportunities associated with supporting the application area.
Recommend actions to increase UBC and vendor partner knowledge on team.
Serve as SME for components of the team.
Support activities of senior team members and architects to set direction for new technology components in the UBC environment.
Provide technical guidance to projects for components of a technology suites
Lead efforts to develop standard practices, components, guidelines for use of complex technology components.
Lead efforts to develop standard practices, components, guidelines for use of complex technology components.
Participate in action to determine root cause of problems and drive resolution.
Work on special projects as assigned.

Supervisory Responsibility:

0 Direct Report, 5+ Indirect Reports

Desired Skills and Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in related field or equivalent work experience
5 – 8 years of relevant experience, or Master’s degree and 3 – 5 years of relevant experience; 1 – 2 years of UBC experience preferred
Complete understanding and wide application of technical principles, theories and concepts in the field
Ability to provide technical solutions to a wide range of difficult problems
Solutions are innovative, thorough, practical and consistent with organizational objectives
Strong customer service focus
Ability to lead discussions with all levels of the organization and provide balanced information of an idea or communication of an issue regardless of written or verbal
Familiarity with health care or PBM industry
Familiar with working in a vendor partner model
Ability to work flexible schedule to accommodate project deadlines
Strong mentoring skills
Demonstrated ability to prioritize work load and meet project deadlines
Adaptability and willingness to lean new tools and applications
Ability to adapt in a dynamic work environment and make independent decisions
Demonstrated team collaboration experience

UBC is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. We are committed to a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture that fosters respect for each other, our clients, and our patients.

#LI-RL1

#LI-REMOTE

ABOUT UBC

United BioSource Corporation (UBC) is a leading provider of pharmaceutical support services, partnering with life science companies to make medicine and medical products safer and more accessible. Our services support the full lifecycle of medicine and medical products, including development, commercialization, and long-term value and safety.

While UBC offers employment within Patient Support, Nursing, Pharmacy and Corporate, two main focus areas for the company are Clinical Development & Research and Safety & Risk Management. Members of the Clinical Development and Research teams help evaluate study protocol, target study population, recruit physicians and patients, and collect, clean, validate and report data. As a result, sponsors are able to submit findings to regulatory authorities or make a no-go decision in a timely and clear-cut manner. Additionally, our Safety and Risk Management teams develop, deliver, and report evidence to reinforce safe and appropriate product use.

Through our Patient Access services, we help patients begin therapy quickly and remain on therapy, building strong relationships with patients to ensure optimal care.
You can find out more by visiting

www.ubc.com

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less Job #:
req20108


Organization:
World Bank


Sector:
Information Technology


Grade:
EC1


Term Duration:
1 year 0 months


Recruitment Type:
Local Recruitment


Location:
Washington, DC,United States


Required Language(s):
English


Preferred Language(s):
English


Closing Date:
12/9/2022 (MM/DD/YYYY) at 11:59pm UTC



Description

Do you want to build a career that is truly worthwhile? Working at the World Bank provides a unique opportunity for you to help our clients solve their greatest development challenges. The World Bank consists of two entities – the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD) and the International Development Association (IDA). It is a global development cooperative owned by 189 member countries. As the largest development bank in the world, the World Bank provides loans, guarantees, risk management products, and advisory services to middle-income and creditworthy low-income countries, and coordinates responses to regional and global challenges. Visit www.worldbank.org.

ITS Vice Presidency Context:

Information and Technology Solutions (ITS) enables the WBG to achieve its mission of ending extreme poverty and promote shared prosperity in a sustainable way by delivering transformative information and technologies to its staff working in over 150 locations.

Our vision is to transform how the Bank Group accomplishes its mission through information and technology. In this fast-paced, ever-changing world, the formulation and implementation of the ITS strategy is an ongoing, iterative process of learning and adaptation developed through extensive consultations with business partners throughout the World Bank Group.

ITS shapes its strategy in response to changing business priorities and leverages new technologies to achieve three high-level business outcomes: business enablement, by providing Bank Group units with innovative digital tools and technologies to transform how they deliver value for their clients; empowerment & effectiveness, by ensuring that all Bank Group staff are connected, able to find information, and productive to accelerate the delivery of development solutions globally; and resilience, by equipping the Bank Group to provide risk-based cybersecurity and robust data protection for a global network and a growing cloud platform.

Implementation of the strategy is guided by three core principles. The first is to deliver solutions for business partners that are customer-centric, innovative, and transformative. The second is to provide the Bank Group with value for money with selective and standard technologies. The third principle is to excel at the basics by providing a high performing, robust, and resilient IT environment for the organization.

The Enterprise Authentication Services Team is anchored in the Enterprise Services (ITSEN) division in ITS. The primary programs that the ITSEN unit is responsible for is providing a wide range of technical infrastructure services to meet the institution's computing needs, from mid-range servers, large scale servers, and the respective system, network, and supporting software on those platforms. It provides engineering, integration, and system administration services for Server Administration, Server Security, Backup/Restore, Storage, Virtual infrastructure (on premise and in cloud) and Data Center Management.

The QA Analyst will work in the Identity Access Management (IAM) program. Analyze software requirements and change proposals to ensure testability, develop comprehensive test scripts, execute scripts according to schedule and prioritize defects. Works with the client, business analysis teams, and development teams to resolve any issues, participate in requirements gathering meetings and support system and user acceptance testing.

We provide a meaningful, open, and collaborative environment. We have many interesting problems to solve, providing you an opportunity to develop your skills while contributing to the mission of the bank. We value teamwork, openness, curiosity, and persistence.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Develop and help the team to document test plans and create/update test cases based on functional/technical specifications.
Work with the application development team to resolve any issues that arise out of the testing process.
Perform functional and regression testing in an SDLC environment.
Identify and track bugs using bug tracking and management tools such as Azure DevOps.
Participate in Scrum Meeting- Sprint Planning, Sprint retrospective and Daily Stand Up, act as a liaison between the development and QA team.
Work on test automation and continuous improvement.
Build partnerships to effectively deliver on projects in a cross-functional environment.
Experiments with new approaches or emerging technological solutions to meet business needs
Create project plans and documents, including setting priorities, and identifying potential risks, while adhering to deadlines.
Collaborate with developers during solution design and implementation
Monitor project progress by tracking activities
Provide project related metrics and reports.

Selection Criteria

Bachelor’s or Master's degree in Computer Engineering or relevant area with 2 years relevant experience OR equivalent combination of education and experience.
3+ years of enterprise software implementation experience
Knowledge of Web applications and Web services.
Experience with Agile and DevOps methodology and tools such as Azure Devops
Excellent critical thinking and analytical skills.
Experience in project management and reporting
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, effective organizational and presentation skills.
Ability to distill complex requirements into simplified user stories.
Strong client orientation and interpersonal skills.
Diligent, self-motivated, and focused, with excellent time management skills
Self-starter with outstanding organizational skills to track and manage multiple projects.

Required Skills:

Experience using test management tools (Azure Test Plans)
Experience using automation testing tools (Selenium WebDriver)
Experience using issue tracking software (JIRA, Azure DevOps)
Experience with programming languages, including JAVA, Python and C#

World Bank Group Core Competencies

We are proud to be an equal opportunity and inclusive employer with a dedicated and committed workforce, and do not discriminate based on gender, gender identity, religion, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or disability.

Learn more about working at theWorld BankandIFC, including our values and inspiring stories.

Note: The selected candidate will be offered a one-year appointment, renewable for an additional one year, at the discretion of the World Bank Group, and subject to a lifetime maximum ET Appointment of two years. If an ET appointment ends before a full year, it is considered as a full year toward the lifetime maximum. Former and current ET staff who have completed all or any portion of their second-year ET appointment are not eligible for future ET appointments.

Show Less 
ReportJOB DESCRIPTION

Day-to-Day:
The Data Protection Team is a diverse group working on multiple areas in the world of data protection, private and public cloud computing, software engineering, and layered security in the enterprise. The projects utilize many traditional and unique data protection methods for layered defense in depth to complete restructuring of frameworks and management of data protection.
The Data Protection Secrets & Privileged Access Management Engineer will collaboratively and holistically implement security controls aligned with enterprise goals.

Responsibilities:

Collaborate with the data protection product owner and team to execute product vision & strategy
Provide subject matter expertise in the Secrets & Privileged Access Management domain
Identify areas of opportunity, identify root cause, research, and provide resolution
Architect, design, assess, and address data protection Secrets & Privileged Access Management strategies


MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS

Strong experience working in a Secrets Management or Privileged Access Management security role
Experience with HashiCorp Vault and HSM components
Ability to write Terraform code to automate the vault environment
Strong experience with CyberArk or BeyondTrust for privilege access management
Experience building APIs from scratch using Python or Go for managing policy as code
Experience with certificate handling
Ability to provide subject matter expertise and execute multiple programs/projects simultaneously
Core competencies in security hardening of infrastructure, platforms, and applications
High degree of proficiency in developing target & current state architectures, identify gaps, build a roadmap for tactical phased implementations to achieve target state
High degree of proficiency in conveying technical strategies and value designed for the target audience
Ability to successfully participate in audit & compliance engagements and address regulatory requirements and remedial action plans
Ability to use data and analysis to determine attack surfaces, remediation work effort, and governance to determine integrity and sustainability of controls
Solid knowledge of industry trends, user demands, and pain points to be able to create a high value product vision
Ability to work independently and as a member of a cross enterprise team in a fast paced, unstructured environment
Innovative thinking with a passion for problem-solving
Provide subject matter expertise in multiple domain focus areas including but not limited to:
o Secrets Management & Privileged Access Management (Credentials, Sessions, Vault, IAM/RBAC, Governance, Impact mitigation of compromise)
o Any exposure and knowledge with following are preferred; PKI, HSMs, Active Directory, Windows, *NIX, SSSD, Centrify, Venafi, Entrust, Thales, Vormetric, HashiCorp, Cyber Ark, CAPAM, Beyond Trust, Thycotic, SSH Communications, AWS/Azure/Google Identity Management systems & Key Vaults
o Experience automating tasks with APIs or other coding languages a plus.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less Job Description -

The Identity & Access Management (IAM) Engineer would be responsible for designing, implementing, and maintaining enterprise IAM solutions. The candidate should have extensive experience with identity management concepts technologies, implementations, and integrations with various data sources and applications. This person would serve as a SME within the IAM space and will work with the Information Security Teams to promote Information Security best practices throughout the bank.

Essential Functions/Responsibilities

Help in the technical planning, design, and delivery of strategic IAM initiatives including but not limited to Identity management and governance platforms and integrations with existing systems and applications
Install, configure, customize, and maintain Identity and Access Management products
Manage performance and stability
Pinpoint system and process gaps, construct feedback/suggestions and deploy solutions through IT best practices.
Provide guidance and support for Privileged Access Management for both human and non-human accounts.
Build and foster partnerships with line of business leaders and technical resources
Consult, provide guidance, and communicate effectively with internal and external partners
Influence and drive adoption of IAM systems and processes throughout the enterprise
Involvement in the company’s continuous improvement around Identity and Access

Management

Ensure the company is staying up-to-date with the latest technical advances
Help to build and champion a company-wide culture around Identity and Access Management
Provide guidance and support on scalability and performance planning for future IAM needs

Minimum Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Needed to Perform Essential Functions of the Job

5 + years of Information Security experience
Expertise and know-how on IAM infrastructure, initiatives, cloud/on-premises environments, and integrations.
Experience working with Active Directory / LDAP technologies
Strong understanding of IAM Protocols such as SAML, OIDC, OAuth, WS-Fed, etc.
Experience with web services and RESTful APIs, microservice architectures, virtual directories, and data ingestion
Experience with the design, implementation and management of Customer Identity and Access Management (CIAM)
Deep knowledge of the user authentication and authorization workflows and the user identity and access management lifecycle
Understanding of key management and certificates management
Strong knowledge and experience of a user and access provisioning/de-provisioning workflows
Experience designing and implementing Role-Based Access Control schemas and processes
Advanced experience implementing Identity Federation Management
Experience with Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) solution implementations
Excellent documentation skills: create procedures, process documentation, and user documentation related to IAM applications
Ability to train and mentor others on IAM security products, services, etc.
Ability to communicate in a polished, intelligent, and succinct manner, demonstrate strong problem-solving skills; ability to present at all levels within the organization.
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment with a strong focus on customer service and solution ownership

Preferred Knowledge and Skills

Experience in the banking or financial services industry
5+ years in an Information security role
Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or equivalent work experience
Certification in one or more security certifications
Experience programming in languages like PowerShell Java, Python, Groovy or Ruby, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, XML, XSL, JSON
Basic experience with IAM in the cloud

Level of Complexity and Scope

Solves complex problems by working directly with the lines of business
Recommends creative solutions based on technical expertise and analysis
Determines projects and policies to drive continuous improvement

Degree of Independence and Decision-Making

Collaborates across the company on projects with very limited guidance from management
Regularly works independently
Independent time management, organization, and prioritization

Physical Requirements

Occasionally stands and walks
Frequently sits

Development and Training

Annual compliance training must be completed on time
Continuous learning to keep certifications current

Compliance Statement -The associate is responsible for meeting all compliance requirements imposed on First Financial Bank by State and Federal law and regulation, as well as all related First Financial Bank policies and procedures. This includes all Bank Secrecy Act, Anti-Money Laundering, OFAC, and Suspicious Activity reporting requirements, as well as all other lending and deposit compliance requirements.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $110,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year

Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Ability to commute/relocate:

Renton, WA 98057: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Active Directory: 3 years (Required)
APIs: 3 years (Required)
Identity & access management: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: One location

Show Less Job Description:

HYBRID

EXPERIENCE:

Excellent knowledge of Identity Management Platform (MIM preferred)
Excellent knowledge of Multi-Factor Authentication (DUO preferred)
Demonstrated experience in Identity and Access Management (IAM) concepts and associated technologies
Excellent knowledge of network administration and security concepts and technology
Strong knowledge of user account and access management and Identity Management Platform
Strong knowledge of helpdesk process and ticking system (ServiceNow)
Must have strong oral, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Exceptional analytical and conceptual thinking skills

REQUIRED SKILLS:

10+ years of system/server engineer experience
10+ years of Engineering and architectural experience in medium to large organization
Professional Certification in server, and/or network, and/or endpoint or is desired
Expertise in Single Sign-On (SSO), and Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)
Experience with LDAP and relational data schema design and implementation.

Job Type: Contract

Pay: $65.00 - $80.00 per hour

Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Columbus, OH 43228: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)

Experience:

Identity Management Platform: 10 years (Required)
Multi-Factor Authentication: 10 years (Required)
Identity and Access Management (IAM): 10 years (Required)
network administration and security concepts: 10 years (Required)
ServiceNow: 10 years (Required)

Work Location: One location

Show Less Job Description:

Title: Cyber IAM Engineer

Skills:

Should have a good understanding of Identity and Access Management platform framework and functions.
Should have good understanding and hands-on experience with IAM Suite of products such as Saviynt, Sailpoint, ForgeRock AM .
Should have good experience with Designing, Implementing, supporting, and maintaining of IAM platform.
Experience with end-to-end implementation of using Saviynt or ForgeRock AM in a virtual environment
Experience developing integration processes for onboarding of new application and services
Experience handling/overseeing stakeholder meetings to confirm design, collaborating on integration, and supporting user acceptance testing
Experience in working Onshore/Offshore model.

Job Type: Contract

Pay: $71.00 - $72.00 per hour

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Cyber IAM Engineer: 9 years (Preferred)
Cybersecurity,Saviynt, Sailpoint, ForgeRock AM: 9 years (Preferred)
Onshore/Offshore model: 9 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Show Less JOB DESCRIPTION: We are currently seeking a software quality engineer with expertise in web security (with knowledge of security protocols), executing full application end-to-end tests, knowledge of federation/ IAM solutions and understanding of Azure federation services that includes ADFS, Azure B2B and B2C and conditional access.

A successful candidate will bring technical and software expertise, strong business acumen and judgment. Utilizing your experience with on-prem and Cloud IAM services you will work with the team to transition applications to Azure making use of Identity Federation protocols such as SAML2, WS-Federation, Kerberos, OAuth2 and OpenID Connect (OIDC). You also must have experience and understanding of modern Identity & Access Management concepts and best practice In addition to having strong technical skills, you must be comfortable in effectively communicating with business end users, technical IT teams, business partners, network providers, and business process outsourced vendors, all while being sensitive to a wide diversity of cultural and technical backgrounds in a global business environment.

Review requirements, specifications, and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback Create detailed, comprehensive, and well-structured test plans and test cases Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities Design, develop and execute automation scripts using open-source tools Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs Performing regular and advanced software security testing Strong understanding of industry standard SSO technologies and protocols (SAML, OAuth2.0, OpenID Connect, WS-Fed, FIDO, SCIM, LDAP, Kerberos, NTLM) Understanding of API design concepts, RESTful Services, and modern application interaction patterns Strong experience in testing for securing APIs with OAuth 2.0 and other means.

Strong Understanding on Azure AD conditional access as well as Azure B2B Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meet client needs Liaise with internal teams (e.g., developers and product managers) to identify system requirements Monitor debugging process results Investigate the causes of non-conforming software and train users to implement solutions Track quality assurance metrics, like defect densities and open defect counts Stay up to date with new testing tools and test strategies

Skills: Essential:

Software quality engineer with expertise in web security (with knowledge of security protocols), executing full application end-to-end tests, knowledge of federation/ IAM solutions and understanding of Azure federation services that includes ADFS, Azure B2B and B2C and conditional access.
7+ years experience in software quality assurance Ability to multi-task. Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes
Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases
Hands-on experience with both white box and black box testing
Hands-on experience with writing integration and end-to-end tests
Hands-on experience with automated testing tools with scripting knowledge.
Experience with security protocols such as LDAP-S, SAML, WS-Federation, SCIM, OAuth, and OIDC Advanced experience with script development (PowerShell/Python preferred)
100% remote - must be available to work west coast hours
Must be available for a flexible schedule to support offshore accounts.
Must be comfortable with hands on work and creating processes – this is the ‘startup’ of this function in IAM at UMG

Job Type: Contract

Pay: $63.00 - $74.00 per hour

Schedule:

10 hour shift
8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

Are you a US Citizen or Green Card Holder?

Experience:

Quality assurance: 7 years (Preferred)
Azure federation: 5 years (Preferred)
Identity & access management: 5 years (Preferred)
Scripting: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Show Less 
ReportJob no: 495976
Work type: Administrative Faculty Full Time
Location: Golden, CO
Categories: Information Technology, Other, Middle Management, Project Management

Position Title


Identity and Access Management Engineer


The Opportunity



The Identity and Access Management (IAM) Engineer is responsible for the design, implementation, and maintenance of enterprise identity systems within Information and Technology Solutions (ITS). The IAM Engineer replaces aging legacy systems and implements IAM operational plans with an automation-first strategy. This position works closely with stakeholders to understand business needs surrounding identity at an enterprise scale and works with ITS team members to address those needs. The IAM Engineer will maintain an awareness of, and implement industry best practices and procedures, ensure maximum availability and security of the university’s enterprise identity infrastructure, and ensure campus compliance.





Responsibilities



Identity System Administration

Design, develop, test, implement, and integrate Identity and Access Management (IAM) systems and solutions. Ensure that solutions protect information resources against unauthorized use, inappropriate degrees of access, disclosure, damage and/or loss.
Configure and maintain IAM software and hardware systems, including preparation and maintenance of proper documentation.
Work closely with ITS Leadership to establish, communicate, and review IAM governance including policies, service level agreements, and standard procedures.
Perform investigation/troubleshooting, improvements, and bug fixes to respond to ongoing system issues identified by both internal and external users.
Ensure systems meet service level agreement targets and limit technical debt accumulation.
Develop user guides and other types of knowledge base documentation for ITS staff and end users.
Transfer knowledge and train IAM operations staff, system administrators, and support personnel on the maintenance and operation of built systems.
Support enterprise Directory Services including Active Directory, Open LDAP, and MIT Kerberos.
Coordinate with vendors to enable single sign-on (SSO) integrations.
Engage with other groups within ITS to ensure identity systems meet their requirements, e.g., security requirements and infrastructure requirements.

Strategy Development

Design, develop, test, and implement enterprise IAM solutions.
Take existing SSO applications and migrate them to new systems, as necessary.
Build out workflows and best practices related to IAM.
Set up role management using best practices within the IAM platform.
Create and manage IAM governance around access controls.

Outreach and Communications

Train front-line user support staff, to provide tier 1 support for users.
Provide escalated support for diagnosing and resolving client-side issues.
Create and deploy communication plans for outages, maintenance, and other impacts.
Notify all IT user support staff when issues might impact end-users.
Engage with community partners and maintain relationships with those that provide service to regional initiatives.
Attend university events and engage with the Mines community as a representative of the department.
Engage with other groups both around Mines and within ITS to understand and support their identity needs.
Participate in working groups and communities of practice pertaining to IAM as well as foundational technologies such as cloud operations and DevOps.
Audit and review Mines’ enterprise identity lifecycle management to identify and resolve inconsistencies.


Minimum Qualifications



Education and Experience:

Bachelor's degree required, preferably in computer science or a field closely related to computer science. Individuals without a degree may be considered if they demonstrate possession of substantially the same knowledge level as found in a degree but have attained advanced knowledge through a combination of work experience and intellectual instruction.
Minimum of five years of relevant professional experience working within the field of Information Technology in one or more areas of IAM engineering, IAM software development, Computer Systems Engineering, Systems Administration, managing technical systems, and/or enterprise software development.
Minimum of four years' experience implementing and managing at least one enterprise identity management solution (Okta, Ping, Sailpoint, etc.).

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

Understanding of SSO architecture.
Basic knowledge of PowerShell, Java, or other scripting languages.
Extensive hands-on knowledge of identity and access management best practices, procedures, and software solutions such as Sailpoint, ForgeRock, Okta, Ping Identity, etc.
Extensive knowledge and experience with identity and access management technology, such as single sign-on (SSO), two-factor authentication, privileged access management, etc.
Ability to lead the development of technically complex functionalities and work with other team members & business partners to deliver value through automation.
Knowledge of security best practices.


Preferred Qualifications



Education and Experience:

Master's degree, preferably in computer science or a field closely related to computer science. Experience in developing workflow automations.
Experience with implementing new IAM platforms.
Experience managing access and permissions where necessary and implementing automated solutions.

Certifications and Licenses:

CISSP
CIMP




About Mines & Golden, CO




Mines is consistently ranked among the top engineering colleges in the United States and ranks number one as the best public school in the state for best value colleges. Mines is located in the heart of Golden, Colorado, a western suburb of Denver. The campus location offers a small-town ambiance with close proximity to all that the Denver metropolitan area has to offer with an abundance of cultural events, museums, theaters and sporting venues. A sunny, high-altitude climate with outstanding outdoor recreation opportunities make the Denver area an ideal place to live, work and play. We seek individuals who value a diverse and inclusive community – offering different perspectives, experiences, and cultures that enrich the educational and work experience.


Equal Opportunity



Colorado School of Mines is committed to equal opportunity for all persons. Mines does not discriminate on the basis of age, sex, gender (including gender identity and gender expression), ancestry, creed, marital status, race, ethnicity, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, veteran status or current military service. Further, Mines does not retaliate against community members for filing complaints regarding or implicating any of these protected statuses.

Mines’ commitment to nondiscrimination, affirmative action, equal opportunity and equal access is reflected in the administration of its policies, procedures, programs and activities and in its efforts to achieve a diverse student body and workforce.

Through its policies, procedures and resources, Mines complies with federal law, Colorado state law, administrative regulations, executive orders and other legal requirements to prevent discrimination (including harassment or retaliation) within the Mines campus community and to address potential allegations of inequity or concerns for safety.





Pay Range



$80,500 - $94,400

Mines takes into consideration a combination of candidate’s education, training and experience as well as the position’s scope and complexity, the discretion and latitude required in the role, work location, and external market and internal value when determining a salary level for potential new employees.





Total Rewards


Mines is proud to provide exceptional benefits that include pay, health & wellness and work/life balance offerings. Our portfolio of benefits includes medical, dental, vision, disability insurance, flexible spending accounts, life insurance, and retirement savings plans. Additionally, Mines employees are eligible for tuition benefits (for employees and dependents), generous paid holidays and leaves and discount programs. For more information, visit Mines benefits.


How to Apply



Application review will begin on 10/31/22; for full consideration please apply by 10/30/22 at 11:55 pm. Applicants will be asked to complete an online application (personal information, demographic information, references, veterans status) and upload a resume and cover letter (required). References will not be contacted until later in the selection process and you will be informed before that contact is made.

For questions about this position, please reach out to Kathy White at kwhite1@mines.edu.





Background Investigation Required


Yes


COVID-19 Vaccine Requirement


This position will require documented proof of full COVID-19 vaccination or exemption because of a medical or religious exclusion. New employees will be required to provide attestation to their status with proof of vaccination upon hire. Religious and medical exemptions and reasonable accommodation shall be addressed as required by law pursuant to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission’s vaccination guidance.





Advertised: Oct 14, 2022 Mountain Daylight Time
Applications close:

Show Less Job Overview

Performs all aspects of Microsoft Active Directory User, Group, and Identity Administration within an Enterprise Network in accordance with industry best practices and established enterprise policies and procedures. Supervises and mentors subordinate Identity and Access Management Administrators. Performs duties while maintaining a high level of professionalism with a focus on Customer Service.

Salary: UNCLPR.2

Min: $71,593.60

Mid: $94,868.80

Max: $118,123.20

Ideal Candidate

The ideal candidate will have a Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university with a major in Information Technology / MIS or a related engineering field and four years of experience implementing, troubleshooting and supporting enterprise Identity Management Systems such as Microsoft Active Directory. Must have extensive experience managing user identities in an Enterprise environment. Ideal Candidate will show proficiency in the following disciplines:

Four years’ experience performing user and group account creations, deletions, renames, moves and other modifications in a Microsoft Active Directory environment is required.
Four years’ experience performing user mailbox and distribution group creations, deletions, renames and other modifications in a Microsoft Exchange and/or Exchange Online environment is required.
Four Years’ Experience creating, managing and modifying Active Directory Organizational Units and managing file permissions / rights on file servers is required.
Two years’ experience with managing users, groups and Exchange identities using Microsoft Powershell and/or Exchange Management Shell is required.
Two years’ experience with creating, managing, modifying and linking Group Policy Objects is required.
Two years’ experience deploying, managing and troubleshooting Windows Servers and Hyper-V. Proficiency with Windows Server 2016, 2019 and 2022 is preferred.
Two years’ experience managing / leading Information Technology Projects as a Team Lead, Subject Matter Lead/Expert or as a Project Manager is preferred.

Duties and Responsibilities

Note: The following duties are illustrative and not exhaustive. The omission of specific statements of duties does not exclude them from the position if the work is similar, related, or a logical assignment to the position. Depending on assigned area of responsibility, incumbents in the position may perform one or more of the activities described below.

Performs complex tasks related to End User Account and Identity Management in a Microsoft Active Directory (AD) and Microsoft Azure AD (AAD) environment. Includes AD/AAD Account and Organizational Unit (OU) creation, deletion, renames, moves and reorganization to meet the changing needs of the Organization.
Performs AD, AAD and Exchange user account management functions. Creates, deletes, renames or transfers user and email accounts and manage access control based on industry best practices and enterprise policies and procedures.
Provides Tier 2 and Tier 3 technical support for complex escalated issues in supporting multiple identity management platforms (AD, AAD, Exchange, etc.).
Develops, edits, and presents technical designs, network diagrams, project plans and other technical reports. Creates management level reports on AD and AAD User, Group and Exchange mailbox metrics.
Performs all aspects of Microsoft Exhange and Exchange Online mailbox management. Includes mailbox creation, moves, renames, deletions, permissions/rights assignments, account modifications, and license management. Includes performing eDiscovery searches in accordance with Florida Public Records/Sunshine Law Florida Statutes Chapter 119.
Performs as Supervisor to subordinate Identity and Access Management Administrators engaged in AD and Exchange Identity Management tasks. Provides mentoring and training to peers and subordinates.
Creates, modifies, and maintains AD and AAD group membership using best practices including Role Based Access Control (RBAC).
Creates, deletes, modifies, links and maintains AD group policy objects (GPO) according to industry best practices and enterprise policies and procedures.
Performs network server builds installing multi-platform operating systems and applications and deploying through automation.
Performs configuration, optimizing, monitoring, and system backups for enterprise network servers, storage systems, backup systems, personal computers, peripherals, and end user devices.
Performs project management duties on complex technology projects in accordance with established project management methodology. Act as team technical liaison for externally managed technology projects originating from the enterprise project management office as well as other departments.
Provides project management mentoring for subordinate Identity and Access Management Administrators.
Performs remedial troubleshooting for hardware and software systems, preventative maintenance, patching and upgrades for enterprise network servers, storage systems, backup systems, personal computers, peripherals, and end user devices.
Performs other related duties as assigned.

Nature of Work

Sedentary Work: Exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally and/or a negligible amount of force frequently or constantly to lift, carry, push, pull, or otherwise move objects, including the human body.

Working Conditions

Work is performed in a standard, climate-controlled office environments.

Physical Efforts

Requires speaking, vision, hearing, sitting, and standing.
Requires the use of office machinery including, but not limited to, personal computers, smart phones, tablets, calculators, multi-function devices.

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university with a major in information technology or related field; and
Four (4) years of experience managing enterprise identities in a Microsoft Active Directory and Microsoft Azure Active Directory environment and experience managing complex enterprise technology projects in accordance with established project management methodology; or
An equivalent combination of education, training, and experience that would reasonably be expected to provide the job-related competencies noted.

Preferred Qualifications

Microsoft Certified Identity and Access Administrator Associate
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE)
Microsoft Certified Systems Associate (MCSA)

Job-Specific Competencies

Proficiency with Microsoft Active Directory (AD) and Microsoft Azure Active Directory (AAD) in regard to all aspects of User, Group, and Organizational Unit (OU) management including account creation, moves, renames, deletions, and license management.
Proficiency with Microsoft Exchange and Exchange Online in regard to all aspects of User Management, including Mailbox, Contacts and Distribution Group creation, moves, renames, deletions, and license management.
Proficiency with Microsoft PowerShell, specifically with the Microsoft AD, AAD, Microsoft Online, Microsoft Exchange and Exchange Online PowerShell modules.
Considerable knowledge of assigning rights and privileges to AD accounts, groups, exchange mailboxes, OUT's and File Shares based on industry best practices and utilizing Role Based Access Control (RBAC).
Ability to develop, edit, and present technical designs, network diagrams, project plans, and other technical reports. Create management level reports on AD and AAD and Exchange User, Group and Mailbox metrics.
Ability to perform eDiscovery searches on all aspects of the Azure, Exchange Online, SharePoint Online, OneDrive and Microsoft 365 Online environments through the Microsoft Security and Compliance Center and Microsoft Purview.
Ability to organize, prioritize, and manage multiple projects, tasks, and time to meet delivery dates.
Ability to develop, edit, and present technical designs, network diagrams, project plans, and other technical reports.
Ability to work professionally and effectively with others while being a role model to peers and subordinate positions and providing superior customer service to customers.
Ability to communicate effectively both written and orally to end users, vendors, management and peers.
Ability to supervise, train and mentor subordinate Identity and Access Management Administrators while maintaining a professional working relationship with peers.
Critical Thinking:Ability to use considerable initiative, think independently, and exercise sound judgment and discretion.
Decision Making:Ability to collect, organize and evaluate data to make logical decisions.
Communication:Ability to influence, persuade and negotiate with others to make decisions of significant consequence.
Strategic Planning:Ability to envision a desired future and translate that vision to establish business plans, including objectives, goals and measurable outcomes that align strategically.
Managerial/Operational Skills:Ability to set strategies, policies, procedures, standards and practices. Skill to provide ongoing and constructive feedback to others. Ability to communicate organizational and departmental vision to others.
Leadership:Demonstrates concern for excellence and organizational awareness. Ability to motivate others to succeed and to deliver excellent customer service, by providing training and team building. Ability to be innovative.
Analytical Ability:Ability to troubleshoot complex technical issues and devices and implement resolutions.
Managing Complexity:Ability to manage multiple disciplines of technology in a large and complex enterprise level network.
Show Less Job Profile

Position Overview

At PNC, our people are our greatest differentiator and competitive advantage in the markets we serve. We are all united in delivering the best experience for our customers.

As a Technology Engineer within PNC's Security organization, this is a remote position that can sit within the PNC footprint, although it may not be available in all jurisdictions. Certain job responsibilities may require in-person, in office activities on a regular basis.

You will be an Engineer in the Change The Bank Security Technology - Workforce Identity and Access Management team (level 3 team)

The ideal candidate will have the following qualifications:
o Strong Communications and Documentation
o Dynamic Authorization / ABAC / PBAC tools (PlainID, Axiomatics)
o Zero Trust Networking
o Oracle Identity Manager (or other peer tools such as Sailpoint)
o Java
o Unix/Linux
o Relational databases
o SQL
o Directory services
o Ping
PLSQL, Ansible, Powershell, REST, SCIM


Some off-hours (evenings, weekends) will be required
Job Description

Leverages technical knowledge and industry experience to design, build and maintain technology solutions. Assists with selecting appropriate platforms, integrates and configures solutions.
Develops software components and hardware for new and emerging technology projects; aligns these with business strategies and objectives.
May provide consultation on common issues and best practices for junior staff.
Provides a systematic analysis on client requirements within the traceability framework and resolves any functional problems encountered.
Ensures quality of project deliverables while maintaining compliance with relevant standards and processes.

PNC Employees take pride in our reputation and to continue building upon that we expect our employees to be:
Customer Focused - Knowledgeable of the values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions and able to leverage that information in creating customized customer solutions.
Managing Risk - Assessing and effectively managing all of the risks associated with their business objectives and activities to ensure they adhere to and support PNC's Enterprise Risk Management Framework.

Competencies

Application Delivery Process – Knowledge of major tasks, deliverables, and formal application delivery methodologies; ability to utilize these in order to deliver new or enhanced applications.

Consulting – Knowledge of techniques, roles, and responsibilities in providing technical or business guidance to clients, both internal and external; ability to apply this knowledge appropriately to diverse situations.

Effectiveness Measurement – Ability to measure the quality and quantity of work effort for the purpose of improvement.

Emerging Technologies – Knowledge of and ability to design, apply and evaluate new information technologies for business environments in order to improve work productivity and accuracy.

Industry Knowledge – Knowledge of the organization's industry group, trends, directions, major issues, regulatory considerations, and trendsetters; ability to apply this knowledge appropriately to diverse situations.

IT Industry: Trends & Directions – Knowledge of and ability to analyze marketplace experiences, developments and trends related to the function of Information Technology (IT).

IT Standards, Procedures & Policies – Knowledge of and the ability to utilize a variety of administrative skill sets and technical knowledge to manage organizational IT policies, standards, and procedures.

Planning: Tactical, Strategic – Ability to contribute to operational (short term), tactical (1-2 years) and strategic (3-5 years) planning in support of the overall business plan.

Problem Solving – Knowledge of approaches, tools, techniques for recognizing, anticipating, and resolving organizational, operational or process problems; ability to apply this knowledge appropriately to diverse situations.

Work Experience

Roles at this level typically require a university / college degree, with 3+ years of relevant / direct industry experience. Certifications are often desired. In lieu of a degree, a comparable combination of education and experience (including military service) may be considered.

Education

Bachelors

Additional Job Description

Base Salary: Commensurate with skills and experience

Benefits
PNC offers employees a comprehensive range of benefits to help meet your needs now and in the future. Depending on your eligibility, options for full-time employees include medical/prescription drug coverage (with a Health Savings Account feature); dental and vision options; employee and spouse/child life insurance; short- and long-term disability protection; maternity and parental leave; paid holidays, vacation days and occasional absence time; 401(k), pension and stock purchase plans; dependent care reimbursement account; back-up child/elder care; adoption assistance; educational assistance and a robust wellness program with financial incentives. To learn more about these and other programs, including benefits for part-time employees, visit pncbenefits.com > New to PNC.

Disability Accommodations Statement:
The PNC workplace is inclusive and supportive of individual needs. If you have a physical or other impairment that might require an accommodation, including technical assistance with the PNC Careers website or submission process, please call 877-968-7762 and select Option 4: Recruiting or contact us via email at pathfinder@pnc.com.

The Human Resources Service Center hours of operation are Monday - Friday 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM ET.

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO):
PNC provides equal employment opportunity to qualified persons regardless of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other categories protected by law.

California Residents

Refer to the California Consumer Privacy Act Privacy Notice to gain understanding of how PNC may use or disclose your personal information in our hiring practices.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less JOB SUMMARY AND MISSION

Starbucks Global Cyber Security Group is responsible for engineering and designing Identity and Access Management and Security systems to meet business requirement, goals and objectives encompassing wide range technologies that are in accordance with Starbucks Strategy & Architecture standards and guidelines.




The Information Security Engineer senior will develop tools and processes according to architectural guidelines with little oversight by senior members of the team, identify weaknesses in our tooling that will drive changes to the overall architecture, and work as a liaison to architects, business and IT teams to ensure that identity management and security principals are applied to the technology platforms and information within the organization in accordance with established standards and policies.

Models and acts in accordance with Starbucks guiding principles.

SUMMARY OF KEY RESPONSIBILITIES

This role will serve as a technical subject matter expert in identity management and authentication technologies within a hybrid infrastructure. The individual must be a motivated team player with a positive attitude, solid interpersonal skills and someone who can quickly take ownership within their area. The individual must be hands-on, work under minimal supervision and have the ability to work in a fast-paced global environment.

Design, engineer, deploy and support IAM related technologies
Assess risks and impacts arising from a business disruption and make decisions and determine actions independently and expediently to eliminate those risks and ensure the continuity of the business.
Identify opportunities to optimize IAM environment and provide suggestions on improvements
Guide root cause analysis, debugging, support, and post-mortem evaluation for any service interruptions
Analyze and improve process with a bias toward automation and self-service
Participate and lead efforts to build out continuous integration and automated deployment pipelines
Improves application development and compliance through automation
Implements automated testing and automated compliance checks where appropriate
Improves application development compliance through automation
Develops tools and framework to improve operational efficiency and anomality detection
Lead, coaches and mentor other team members on technical matters, project management, task prioritization and strategic planning.
Participate on cross-functional project teams, providing subject matter expertise and ensure that new system objects are supported by developing administrative procedures.
Collaborate and communicate effectively with other team members at multiple levels of the organization
Develop, maintain, and execute processes and procedures to ensure ongoing Disaster Recovery Readiness.
Provide third-level production support for Identity Management environment, including after-hours on-call support.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less Job Title:
Identity and Access Management (IAM) Solution Engineer


Salary/Grade:

Salaried





Hours Per Week:

40





Job Summary:




We are looking for an experienced Identity and Access Management (“IAM”) Solution Engineer with strong people skills to help lead our development and deployment of campus-wide standards and services pertaining to identity lifecycles, entitlements, credentials, and access management. Do you have extensive knowledge and experience designing, developing, deploying, and maintaining identity and access management solutions in large complex environments? This may be the right position for you.
Directly reporting to the Director, Application Architecture and Operations and as a strategic partner that works closely with the CISO and other University IT leaders, this position will be a key principal in the success of the University IAM strategy.
Miami University offers an engaging work environment at a premier higher education institution with an exceptional benefits package plus many other support resources to help employees balance their professional and personal lives.






Duties/Physical Demands:
IAM system configuration, administration, and integration
Participate in and/or lead the delivery of IAM system components including installation, configuration, and integration
Investigate and resolve issues with identity data aggregation, data management, credential provisioning and de-provisioning, access provisioning and de-provisioning, account claim, onboarding notifications, password management, and enterprise authentication
Support client and operation base by producing user and operational documentation for IAM activities
Partner with clients to develop and deliver IAM data reports
IAM governance
Lead IAM stakeholders in system enhancing requirements reviews and future state planning
In support of operations teams, develop and maintain detailed technical design documents for IAM solutions including data mapping, workflows, and IAM solution configuration
Coordinate with stakeholders the prioritization of enhancements and other changes to the IAM system
Coach other members of the organization on good practices regarding identity data and access control





Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree earned by date of hire and 5+ years of relevant work experience
OR

Associate's degree earned by date of hire and 7+ years of relevant work experience
OR
10+ years of relevant experience
This position is available to persons who are currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time and indefinite basis. (Persons authorized to work on such a basis include US citizens, lawful permanent residents (“green card” holders), asylees, refugees, and temporary residents under IRCA.





Desired Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, or a related field;
5+ years of experience in designing and deploying identity and access solutions in complex environments;
Identity and Access Management technical experience and knowledge in the following areas:
Identity data extraction and transformation;
User authentication and Single Sign On;
Identity Federation;
Enterprise directory design and administration;
Identity, credential, and access provisioning and deprovisioning;
Identity & Access Governance including role-based access control (RBAC), access request and certification;
Experience in higher education information technology;
Knowledge of and experience with information security regulations, standards, and processes;
Leading engagements with IAM stakeholders, including facilitating discovery sessions, identifying and resolving IAM issues, and improving IAM processes;
Coaching IAM process participants on expectations and best practices, including creating IAM-related communication and documentation





Knowledge, Skills and Abilities

See Minimum Qualifications.






Special Instructions to Applicants:

Prospectus: See Miami University's Prospectus HERE


This position is approved to work 100% remotely. It is our preference to hire someone who resides in Ohio, Indiana or Kentucky, however, should a candidate reside outside of these states their state of residency will be evaluated for employment.






Diversity Statement:

Miami University is committed to creating an inclusive and effective teaching, learning, research, and working environment for all.

For more information on Miami University’s diversity initiatives, please visit the Office of Institutional Diversity & Inclusion webpage. For more information on Miami University’s mission and core values, please visit the Mission and Core Values webpage.





EO/AA Statement/Clery Act:
Miami University, an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, encourages applications from minorities, women, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. Miami University prohibits harassment, discrimination and retaliation on the basis of age (40 years or older), color, disability, gender identity or expression, genetic information, military status, national origin (ancestry), pregnancy, race, religion, sex/gender, status as a parent or foster parent, sexual orientation, or protected veteran status in its application and admission processes, educational programs and activities, facilities, programs or employment practices. Requests for reasonable accommodations for disabilities related to employment should be directed to ADAFacultyStaff@miamioh.edu or 513-529-3560.
As part of the University’s commitment to maintaining a healthy and safe living, learning, and working environment, we encourage you to read Miami University’s Annual Security & Fire Safety Report at: http://www.MiamiOH.edu/campus-safety/annual-report/index.html, which contains information about campus safety, crime statistics, and our drug and alcohol abuse and prevention program designed to prevent the unlawful possession, use, and distribution of drugs and alcohol on campus and at university events and activities. This report also contains information on programs and policies designed to prevent and address sexual violence, domestic violence, dating violence, and stalking. Each year, email notification of this website is made to all faculty, staff, and enrolled students. Written notification is also provided to prospective students and employees. Hard copies of the Annual Security & Fire Safety Report may be obtained from the Miami University Police Department at (513) 529-2223.


Labor Law Posters for Applicants:
Miami University is committed to providing up-to-date information from the Department of Labor to our applicants for employment. Here, you will find links to the current information regarding the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA), Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO), and the Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA).


Benefits Eligible:

Yes

Show Less 
ReportJob Title: Data Engineer - Remote Role

Duration: Temp to Hire

Pay Rate: $70/hr on W2

Essential Functions

Partner with key stakeholders, including the business unit leaders, Product, Data & Technology teams, to assist with their data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs by collecting data from primary sources and optimizing the data architecture, improving quality of sourced data, and ensuring consistent delivery of data to key stakeholders in a timely manner.
Extract, Load & Transform (ELT) data from various primary data sources (internal & 3rd party) into the data lake to create optimal data pipeline architecture utilizing Snowflake and Informatica tool suites.
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and leading ELT tools. This will include set up and configure Informatica Intelligent Cloud Services Environment and Tools.
Design and Implement Processes to govern usage of the tools and platform at enterprise level for performance, security and audit compliance.
Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into customer acquisition, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics.
Keep our Personally Identifiable Information (PII) data separated and secured through table splitting, data masking, access control restrictions and redundancy (high availability across multiple zones).

Qualifications

Bachelor's degree, BS in Statistics, Computer Science, Data Science, or related quantitative field is required, along with a minimum of five years’ experience in Data Engineer related role(s) and at least three of those years spent in a senior technical level role(s) required.
Highly proficient in building and optimizing Big Data pipelines, architecture, and data sets.
Highly proficient with data loading, processing, and data warehouse design techniques: star or snowflake schema designs, etc.
Well versed in Informatica Intelligent Cloud Services, Administration, Environment configuration and set up of various tool suite (Mass Ingestion, CDC, Data Catalog, Data Quality, Data Integration, API Management).
Proven expertise in developing in Informatica Intelligent Cloud Services and various tools.
Proven experience with data lake and warehouse best practices and leading products in the marketplace.
Expert at creating data integrations using Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) tools and modern data pipes.
Strong knowledge of Kafka, Sparks, ESB and/or other messaging queues, real-time data integration & stream processing technologies.
Proven experience with querying and analyzing data from SQL relational databases such as AuroraDB, IBM DB2, MemSQL, MS SQL Server, MySQL, Postgres, Redshift or Snowflake, and NoSQL Databases such as Cassandra, DynamoDB, Redis, or MongoDB
Experience with data science languages such as R, and Python as well as general purpose languages such as Java, Scala, C# or JavaScript.
Experience collecting structured, semi-structured and unstructured data in various popular formats and sourced from internal core systems as well as 3rd partner providers such as Google Analytics, Facebook Insights, Zillow, CoreLogic, MLS Data, Public Records, and Property Data
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: Azkaban, Luigi, Airflow, etc.
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.

NOTE: Suna Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

Applicants, with criminal histories, are considered in a manner that is consistent with local, state and federal laws.

Job Type: Contract

Pay: $50.00 - $70.00 per hour

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

R, Python, Java, C#: 5 years (Preferred)
Data Engineer related role: 5 years (Preferred)
spent in a senior technical level role(s): 3 years (Preferred)
data integrations using Extract, Transform and Load (ETL): 5 years (Preferred)
Azkaban, Luigi, Airflow, etc: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Show Less 
ReportJOB TYPE: Freelance, Contract Position (no agencies/C2C - see notes below)
LOCATION: Remote - Work from anywhere (TimeZone: EST | Partial overlap)
HOURLY RANGE: Our client is looking to pay $100 – $115/hr
ESTIMATED DURATION: 40h/week - Long-term


ABOUT US:

Braintrust is the only network that gives in-demand talent all the freedom of freelance with all the benefits, community, and stability of a full-time role. As the first decentralized talent network, our revolutionary Web3 model ensures the community that relies on Braintrust to find work are the same people who own and build it through the blockchain token, BTRST. So unlike other marketplaces that take 20% to 50% of talent earnings, Braintrust allows talent to keep 100% of earnings and to vote on key changes to improve the network. Braintrust is working to change the way freelance works – for good.

THE OPPORTUNITY

Requirements

Rate listed is for US. If you are located outside the US please propose a rate lower than the current range listed.

FAST interview process

MUST be very strong in Active Directory On-Prem and Azure AD.


Identity & Access Management Senior Engineer


The Identity & Access Management Senior Engineer is part of a team which offers world class identity and access management services to the group. They provide platform, integration and UX capabilities to internally developed applications, vendor and SaaS solutions. In this role you will collaborate with software development and operational engineering teams to make it easy for them to leverage your capabilities as well as deliver enhancements to meet additional requirements.

Our client is building a world class digital platform and identity is at the heart of it. You will be hired as one of the best and brightest in your field who can challenge their team to think about solutions differently and have an inherent appreciation of how user experience, in particular developer experience of their products will be a critical factor in uptake and adoption.


Top skills needed:



Directory Services
Active Directory On Prem
Azure AD
Access Management
AWS IAM
AAD Roles
AAD PIM
Identity and Device Governance
AAD Governance
AAD Ent Apps
AD GPO
Conditional Access
Authentication
AD Domain Controller
AD CA



What You’ll Do:
The main responsibilities of the position include:
 Create an exceptional end user identity experience across the organization by integrating systems, applications, services, and platforms with the Identity solution
 Maintain and support existing identity and authentication platforms while transitioning to a common system. These include: AD, Azure AD, ADFS, ADLDS, MFA and integrations to Auth0
 Work in a collaborative and Agile team environment following established cadences and practices
 Mentor, cross train team members, and define processes for WFS
 Maintains effective service relationships with business units by keeping them informed of the status of their access requests
and tickets, and provides non-technical answers to access questions. Meets team and departmental service levels and
objectives. Upholds strong global working relationships with other members of IAM, Information Security, Cyberops and
business partners.
 Resolves Tier 2 and 3 technical issues to determine root cause and implements corrective action. Recognizes when to escalate
and uses it as an opportunity to increase knowledge
 Accountable for meeting quality, productivity and service standards. Identifies opportunities to improve the efficiency and
effectiveness of access administration processes and procedures
 Install, integrate, configure, and deploy IAM solutions and systems to facilitate User Life-Cycle Management, Identity and Access
Governance, Automated Provisioning, Single Sign-On, Federation, Privileged Account Management
 Planning and implementation of security controls, as well as daily administration until automated
 Conduct routine and regular ongoing reviews of security audit and control procedures
 Resolve and manage user access problems and questions reported to the Service Management ticketing System
 Identify and help design procedures and automated processes to fulfill security requirements for Identity Access Management
across the organization
 Act in a strategic capacity as the most senior technical expert for all Identity &amp; Access Management (IAM) technologies, tools
and processes across the organization for both on-prem and cloud-based solutions
 Lead the investigation and resolution of complex privacy, security, and access management problems
 Provide input to the IAM capability roadmap and strategy
 Serve as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) for application security access provisioning solutions
 Rollout strategic security access practices using Conditional Access and other methods to ensure remote connectivity condition
requirements are met and strengthen their security posture for their mobile workforce and externally accessible applications.
 Participate in an on-call support on a rotational basis


What You’ll Need:
 8+ years experience with infrastructure or Identity and Access Management Systems and Services
 Bachelor degree in engineering, information technology, or related discipline (significant work experience may be considered in
lieu of degree)
 Expert in Active Directory and Azure AD as well as an understanding of key players in IAM and IGA areas (i.e., Microsoft, Savient,
etc.)
 Expert in scripting using PowerShell, Python and/or other scripting languages to deliver automated and consistent results
across the stack

 Strong familiarity and experience with authentication methods, SSO, OAuth, MFA, SAML, Federation and Certificates
 Excellent in identity security practices and multifactor authentication solutions
 Excellent at diagnostic and problem resolution
 Excellent verbal communications and written documentation skills are required
 Experience in SOX and Regulatory audits/compliance
 Knowledge of common information security management frameworks, such as ISO/IEC 27001, COBIT, and NIST, including 800-
53 and the Cybersecurity Framework.
 Previous experience with Amazon Web Services IAM, a big plus.
 Has good understanding of key Agile concepts and/or experience Agile environment

Signs That You’re a Strong Candidate:
 You have experience growing identity capability as part of an enterprise cloud and digital transformation
 You have transitioned a large organization from an on-premise to a cloud-based identity platform
 You live and breathe identity and enjoy sharing this passion with others around you
 You focus on the overall excellent customer experience rather than only on technology
 You inspire confidence, motivation, and creativity in a team environment
 You show caring and understanding
 You seek out clarification and embrace the unknown without needing direction
 You seek and utilize feedback positively

Apply Now!


ABOUT THE HIRING PROCESS:

Qualified candidates will be invited to do a screening interview with the Braintrust staff. We will answer your questions about the project, and our platform. If we determine it is the right fit for both parties, we'll invite you to join the platform and create a profile to apply directly for this project.

C2C Candidates: This role is not available to C2C candidates working with an agency. But if you are a professional contractor who has created an LLC/corp around your consulting practice, this is well aligned with Braintrust and we’d welcome your application.

Braintrust values the multitude of talents and perspectives that a diverse workforce brings. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status.




This is a remote position.
Show Less 
ReportJunior-Mid Level Manual QA - 100% REMOTE!!!

Our client located northeast of Atlanta is looking to hire a Jr-Mid-Level Manual QA Engineer for their growing team. Our client has been in business for over 30 years, is privately-held, has a strong technology foundation, excellent leadership and highly collaborative culture!

In this role, you will be responsible for writing and executing test cases supporting a high-volume transaction processing backend systems, customer facing web applications, and ETL applications as part of an Agile development team.


Responsibilities:
Write, maintain, and perform test scenarios and suites for new development and changes.
Assist in managing incoming bugs, ensuring that all bugs are entered with adequate information.
Assist with release management.
Participate in requirement gathering, requirement analysis and requirements documentation.
Assist in writing or revising user manuals and release notes.
Leverage SQL query tools against relational databases
Work with Development team to ensure quality and timely delivery is achieved.
Ability to work effectively (maintaining accuracy and sensitivity) under tight timelines and schedules.
Ability to sense the importance or impact of issues and situations and take appropriate actions.
Work effectively as a team player to accomplish company goals.

Skills Needed:
Requirements:
2+ years‚Äô experience with QA methodologies and manual software testing.
Strong attention to detail
Mature analytical and organizational skills
Demonstrated SQL proficiency
Ability to retain knowledge on deep business rules focused systems
Experience testing front-end applications and backend business logic.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Nice to Have:
Proficiency with the .NET development environment.
Experience testing APIs and ETL processes
Working in an Agile/DevOps environment
Experience with automation
Experience with CI/CD toolchains and automated build deployment.
Prior healthcare applications experience.
The Perks: Great benefits, sound leadership, collaborative team and excellent growth opportunity all while working 100% from your home office! Please send detailed resume and LinkedIn profile today!


Equal Employment Opportunity

MATRIX is committed to providing a work environment that values diversity, equity, inclusion and respect. We do not discriminate based upon race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status (including registered domestic partnership status), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), gender (including gender identity and expression), age (40 and over), sexual orientation, military and veteran status and/or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.

MATRIX is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. Supporting medical or religious documentation will be required where applicable. If you are a qualified individual with a disability, you may request a reasonable accommodation under the American Disability Act (ADA) by emailing MATRIX_HR@MatrixRes.com. To ensure a quick response to your request, please use the words ‚ÄúAccommodation request‚Äù as the subject line of your email.

For hourly W2 contract roles MATRIX offers a highly competitive benefit package including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Disability, HSA, and 401(k) with pre and post-tax options. Please see MatrixRes.com/Benefits for more information.

For direct hire placement with our clients, benefits will be offered in accordance with that particular client‚Äôs offerings. This may include PTO, Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K and other pre and post-tax options.Show More  Key Responsibilities:

Collaborate with solution architects, cloud services, enterprise data management & product managers to iterate on the design & implementation of Fulfillment Services Data Strategy
Design Azure-based technical architectures, migration approaches, and application optimizations that enable the Product
Be a technical advisor and troubleshoot to resolve technical challenges with data product related infrastructure and application(s)
Author and publish data governance models, data lineage and data dictionary for Fulfillment Services data catalog
Focus on overall product’s data quality and user experience
Build standards, processes and procedures to deliver best results
Create data pipelines for various types of streaming use cases
Mentor other engineers in the Fulfillment Services teams on best practices with data movement and data integration
Create and document architectural decision records (ADRs)
Manage individual project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables
Assist the scrum master in creating technical stories/spikes
Adapt quickly to changing technology and business requirements
Stay up to date on emerging technologies across the industry

Qualifications:

Experience designing, building, and deploying scalable cloud-based solution architectures
Experience working with public cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure. GCP
Expertise in Python, SQL
Experience building data lakes & data warehouses to support operational intelligence and business intelligence
Experience with Azure Synapse Analytics, Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory, CosmosDB, Azure SQL, Azure Databricks or equivalent tools and technologies
Experience working with Serverless Computing & Azure Functions
Experience with Kafka and/or other event streaming mechanisms
Experience with monitoring/alerting techniques and APM tools
Experience automating infrastructure provisioning, DevOps, or Continuous Integration/Delivery
Knowledge of containerization and container orchestration technologies.
Good understanding and/or experience writing software in one or more languages, such as Java, Go, JavaScript, C++, or similar
Familiarity with standard IT security practices such as identity and access management, SSO, data protection, encryption, certificate, and key management
Familiarity and good understanding of infrastructure – storage, networking etc.
Strong analytical problem-solving skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Self-starter takes the initiative and works well under pressure
Business-minded approach to time, costs, and milestones
Lead the analysis of the technology environment to detect critical deficiencies and recommend solutions for improvement

Employment Type: 3 month contract to hire

Pay Rate: $86.82/hour

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $86.82 per hour

Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Azure Synapse Analytics: 1 year (Preferred)
Kafka: 1 year (Preferred)
Data warehouse: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Show Less 
ReportKing & Spalding, a leading global law firm, is currently seeking an Identity and Access Management Engineer to join our Information Technology department in Atlanta. The Identity and Access Management Engineer will be responsible for providing support for design and implementation of IAM processes utilizing IGA solutions. This includes design of business processes to support the identity lifecycle, provisioning and deprovisioning of accounts/access and access certification reviews. The IAM Engineer will also be responsible for the remediation of audit findings and risk management for user entitlements across the firm and will participate in compliance audits.

The firm offers a generous total compensation package with bonuses and raises awarded in recognition of individual merit-based performance. Eligible employees may participate in King & Spalding’s comprehensive benefit program including health and wellness plan, life and disability insurance, flexible spending accounts and a health savings account, a 401(k) plan, profit sharing plan, on-site gym access, discount programs, an onsite childcare center and a substantial Paid Time Off (PTO) program.

Candidates will have the following responsibilities:

Identity and Access Management. Responsible for developing, implementing, and maintaining identity lifecycles using the firm’s IAM/IGA tools.
The engineer is also responsible for protecting critical applications, data, and systems from unauthorized access through managing the access rights of identities both inside and outside the organization.
The IAM processes are responsible for provisioning and de-provisioning accounts in all firm systems – to include Active Directory, Azure AD, TACACs, iManage and other accounts.
The engineer will work closely with the application owners, organizational units, and other IT peer organizations to understand security and operational requirements of the various systems and applications for the purpose of provisioning access and entitlements.
The IAM Engineer will also work closely with the Cyber Risk function to incorporate appropriate controls to support compliance with any number of frameworks adopted by the firm (ISO, HIPAA, Client, etc.)
The IAM Engineer will participate in various audits to provide proof of compliance and will also generate necessary reports on a periodic basis to support continuous control objectives.
This position will configure certification campaigns according to specifications provided by the Cyber Risk function.

Requirements:

Bachelor's degree, preferably in Computer Science, Information Technology, Computer Engineering, or related IT discipline; or equivalent experience.
Experience in the following areas: Identity Management, Access Management, Role Based Access Control, User Access Certification and Federation.
5+ years’ experienceusing Java, JavaScript, XML, DSML, Bean shell.
5+ years’ experience in SailPoint IdentityIQ solutions.
5+ years’ experience with Web Services (Web API, REST, SOAP, etc.)
Experience with directory management such as LDAP/Active Directory solutions.
Experience with cloud-based identity management (Azure AD, GCP, Amazon AWS).
Understanding of OpenID, OAuth, OpenID Connect, SAML, SCIM, protocols.
Experience supporting SailPoint IdentityIQ including building workflows, monitoring tasks, initiating certifications, and executing reports.
Experience with Linux, Tomcat, Oracle, SQL Server etc.
Proficiency with Microsoft (MSFT) Windows server, MSFT Exchange, MSFT SQL, and related MSFT infrastructure technologies (i.e., PowerShell).
Certification on an IAM product (preferably SailPoint IdentityIQ)
Experience in administration, installation and troubleshooting of IAM solution in an enterprise environment

We are proud of our remarkably cohesive culture, which now encompasses more than 2100 lawyers and business professionals in 23 offices worldwide. We seek to attract and develop the very best talent to work with us.

King & Spalding LLP (K&S) is committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all applicants and employees in full compliance with all state, federal, and local laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, genetic information, age, disability or any other status protected by applicable law.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less Location : Dallas, TX

G-Research offers remote working within the State of Texas, bringing people together in the office for a number of days every month.

G-Research is Europe’s leading quantitative finance research firm. We hire the brightest minds in the world to tackle some of the biggest questions in finance. We pair this expertise with machine learning, big data, and some of the most advanced technology available to predict movements in the financial markets.

This role is based in G-Research’s new office in Dallas. Opened in 2022, the Dallas office is a key infrastructure hub where we work on the latest cloud technologies in a cutting-edge environment.

The role

The Identity and Access Management (IAM) team makes managing identities, access and secrets easy, safe and secure within G-Research.

From managing identity governance, to running the front to back secrets and key management technology, the IAM team builds and operates the systems and services that our internal and customer teams rely on to keep our environments safe and secure.

Our Engineers are full-stack, with a strong focus on DevOps. They utilise third party tooling as well as building our own in-house systems where needed.

We work closely with internal and external customers to understand their needs and to help drive best practice through our deep knowledge of identity technologies.

The IAM team is seeking a smart, motivated, passionate engineer to work with a vast variety of technology and products to solve problems in a fast moving environment.

As an IAM Engineer, you will contribute to the design, implementation and roll-out of solutions in our Secrets and Key Management team.

Key responsibilities of the role include:

Roll out of modern secrets, key and certificate management and zero trust technologies
Working with stakeholders to understand business challenges and pain points
Collaborating with engineering stakeholders to help solve complex problems within the IAM space
Delivering usable, fit for purpose solutions across the business

Who are we looking for?

The ideal candidate will have:

Strong domain knowledge of Identity and Access Management and Zero Trust tooling (e.g. HashiCorp Vault)
An understanding of security standards such as ISO, CIS or NIST
Process automation experience, for example Terraform, Jenkins and Ansible
Strong LDAP directory services experience, for example Active Directory, OpenLDAP
The ability to establish effective working relationships with stakeholders across the business
Strong communication and stakeholder management skills

Experience of any of the following would be beneficial:

Platforms: Kubernetes, OpenStack, Linux
CI/CD: Jenkins, Ansible / AWX, Terraform
IAM Technologies: HashiCorp Vault, KeyFactor, CyberArk, FIDO
IAM Domains: JML, MFA, AuthN/AuthZ, PKI, PIM
SaaS Platforms: AWS, Azure

Why should you apply?

Market-leading compensation plus annual discretionary bonus
Informal dress code and excellent work/life balance
Paid time off, including sick days, military leave, and family and medical leave
Summer working hours, equivalent of 4 additional days of paid leave
Generous 401(k) plan
12-weeks’ fully paid parental leave
Medical and Prescription, Dental, and Vision insurance
Life and Accidental Death & Dismemberment (AD&D) insurance
Employee Assistance and Wellness programs

G-Research is committed to cultivating and preserving an inclusive work environment. We are an ideas-driven business and we place great value on diversity of experience and opinions.

We want to ensure that applicants receive a recruitment experience that enables them to perform at their best. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation please let us know in the relevant section.

Show Less Location: Alpharetta, GA; Bloomington, IL; Minneapolis, MN

A US Insurance and Financial Services Company is looking to bring on an IAM Engineer that can be responsible for safeguarding the organization's information through the implementation of controls and design solutions that can successfully authenticate and provide access to critical data and applications.

Job Responsibilities

Design, implement, and support IT solutions that meet requirements for security and performance
Establish an IT multi-year strategy with a focus on continuous improvement
Recommend technology solutions through the understanding of business needs

Qualifications

Identity and Access Management experience
Experience with SailPoint IdentityIQ, or equivalent IAM technologies
Programming or scripting experience
Knowledge of infrastructure technologies (Linux, Windows, Active Directory, LDAP)

Benefits

Hybrid position
Annual Bonus
Benefits package
Show Less Location: Remote
SUMMARY: The Identity & Access Management Engineer is a hands-on role focused on engineering within the Identity & Access Management (IAM) space. The engineer will work directly with the IAM Architect, other IAM internal and vendor engineers, as well as Operational team resources through collaboration to implement and continuously optimize Identity and Access Management services in line with evolving technologies and security regulations. The Identity & Access Management (IAM) Engineer is a technical position which will support the implementation of security strategies as it relates to the Bank's cloud initiatives. The Identity & Access Management Engineer is responsible for understanding business processes and capturing requirements but also engineering, implementing, and maintaining IAM technologies to ensure audit and privacy compliance, driving automation wherever possible. Hands on implementation experience is a requirement of this role as well at deep technical knowledge of IAM tools. The IAM Engineer must have the ability to install and configure requisite IAM toolsets and in so doing will require knowledge across multiple platforms, processes and/or architectures. The IAM Engineer role requires IT consulting skills and the ability to act as a trusted advisor and a trusted technical member of the team. The individual should possess IAM skills across key access management, identity governance, privileged identity management, and cloud identity tools with the ability to quickly learn the key points of other IAM product suites both cloud-based and self-hosted.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties and special projects may be assigned.
Working closely with business units to ensure business requirements and use cases are capture and well understood while adhering to access management program guidelines and bank security policies.
Participating in the requirement gathering of an IAM technical vision that can be articulated across functional groups, aligned with IAM principles.
Designing, implementing, and managing Identity Directory and identity services.
Engineering and Implementing technologies to centrally integrate identity systems across the organization.
Streamlining and improving users' experiences.
Managing access controls and permissions where necessary and implementing automated solutions.
Troubleshooting and managing issues related to identities, systems access accounts, authentication, authorization, entitlements, and permissions.
Implementing and maintaining technologies to ensure audit and privacy compliance.
Adheres to and complies with applicable, federal and state laws, regulations and guidance, including those related to anti-money laundering (i.e. Bank Secrecy Act, US PATRIOT Act, etc.).
Adheres to Bank policies and procedures and completes required training.
Identifies and reports suspicious activity.
EDUCATION
Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology or related fields or comparable experience in, Computer Information Systems, and/or Engineering with the appropriate emphasis in Identity & Access Management required


EXPERIENCE
5+ years of experience in Identity and access Management, Information Security (+5 years)
3+ years of experience in Development and Support experience with SailPoint (IdentityIQ/IdentityNOW), including LCM, Compliance Manager, Workflows, Rules, Connectors, Policies, Tasks, Roles, Certifications, Email templates, Forms, Application Integrations, etc
3+ years of experience in Okta/Azure SSO Integrations, SAML, OAuth, OIDC, Kerberos, MFA, PKI, PAM
2+ years of Cloud IAM experience and AWS/Azure with strong understanding of IaaS, PaaS, IDaaS engineering and components
CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS
Certifications relevant to AWS and cloud technologies (Solutions Architect, SysOps Administrator, DevOps Engineer) preferred but not required
Security cert preferred: CISSP, Security+, CIAM, etc.
IAM Platform specific cert preferred: SailPoint, Okta, etc.
ADDITIONAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Development skills, SDLC and Pipeline automation (Java, Beanshell, XML, Powershell, HTML, JSON, API development/integrations, etc.)
Ability to articulate, gather, drive conversations, and document requirements.
Strong interpersonal skills.
Sound judgment and ability to effectively balance information risk controls with business productivity and growth.
Strong problem-solving attitude and technical skillset.
#WorkWithUs

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less Location(s)

Alpharetta GA, Chicago IL, Remote-CT, Remote-PA

Details

Kemper is one of the nation’s leading specialized insurers. Our success is a direct reflection of the talented and diverse people who make a positive difference in the lives of our customers every day. We believe a high-performing culture, valuable opportunities for personal development and professional challenge, and a healthy work-life balance can be highly motivating and productive. Kemper’s products and services are making a real difference to our customers, who have unique and evolving needs. By joining our team, you are helping to provide an experience to our stakeholders that delivers on our promises.


The IAM Engineer is responsible for supporting the planning, design, development and deployment of centralized identity and access management (IAM) solutions for the organization. This role supports the planning, architecture, and delivery of the enterprise-level Privileged Access Management IAM program.

Responsibilities

Provide expert knowledge and act as a subject matter expert on key principles of (IAM) with an in-depth knowledge in the areas of authentication and authorization systems, identity lifecycle management, and identity governance.
Generate solutions and policies in support of the Privileged Access Management and Identity Governance for the company and consumers.
Provide for policies, baselines and support operational procedures around PAM.
Design and implement IAM solutions that ensure appropriate controls and tools are selected and then operationalized.
Drive standards and support implementations with integrations to and from third party directories.
Work with application owners to integrate application security and application roles with PAM.

Qualifications

5+ years of experience in IT, preferably in Security
Identity and Access Management experience
Privileged Access Management experience
NIST and/or SOC2 experience a plus
In-depth understanding of modern authentication solutions using SAML/OAuth/OIDC
In depth knowledge of Microsoft Active Directory
Proven track record in the area PAM security
Capable in all information security domains including regulatory compliance, risk assessments, controls implementations, governance frameworks and audit processes.
Ability to collaborate with high-performance teams and individuals to drive results
Able to integrate with cloud based IAM vendors
Demonstrated customer service orientated work ethic

Kemper is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran, disability status or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. We are committed to supporting diversity and equality across our organization and we work diligently to maintain a workplace free fromdiscrimination.


Kemper does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Kemper and Kemper will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.

#LI-AK1

#LI-Remote

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less Location(s)

Irving TX

Details

Kemper is one of the nation‚Äôs leading specialized insurers. Our success is a direct reflection of the talented and diverse people who make a positive difference in the lives of our customers every day. We believe a high-performing culture, valuable opportunities for personal development and professional challenge, and a healthy work-life balance can be highly motivating and productive. Kemper‚Äôs products and services are making a real difference to our customers, who have unique and evolving needs. By joining our team, you are helping to provide an experience to our stakeholders that delivers on our promises.


Kemper is seeking a remote temporary IAM Engineer. The IAM Engineer is responsible for supporting the planning, design, development and deployment of centralized identity and access management (IAM) solutions for the organization. This role supports the planning, architecture, and delivery of the enterprise-level IAM program including but not limited to the areas of identity, access, privileged access, SSO federation and SaaS / PaaS cloud technologies.

Responsibilities

Provide expert knowledge and act as a subject matter expert on key principles of (IAM) with an in-depth knowledge in the areas of authentication and authorization systems, identity lifecycle management, and identity governance.
Generate solutions and policies in support of the Identity Lifecycle Management and Identity Governance for the company and consumers.
Provide for policies, baselines and support operational procedures around IAM.
Design and implement IAM solutions that ensure appropriate controls and tools are selected and then operationalized.
Drive standards and support implementations with integrations to and from third party directories.
Provide infrastructure and solutions that provide optimal and secure single-sign-on experiences to employees, contractors and consumers.
Work with application owners to integrate application security and application roles with centralized IAM directories.

Qualifications

5+ years of experience in IT, preferably in Security
Identity and Access Management experience
International Information System Security Certification Consortium certification is a plus
NIST and/or SOC2 experience a plus
Expert knowledge of IAM technologies
In-depth understanding of modern authentication solutions using SAML/OAuth/OIDC
In depth knowledge of Microsoft Active Directory
Proven track record in the area IAM security
Capable in all information security domains including regulatory compliance, risk assessments, controls implementations, governance frameworks and audit processes.
Ability to collaborate with high-performance teams and individuals to drive results
Able to integrate with cloud based IAM vendors
Demonstrated customer service orientated work ethic

#LI-AG

#LI-Remote

Kemper is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran, disability status or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. We are committed to supporting diversity and equality across our organization and we work diligently to maintain a workplace free fromdiscrimination.


Kemper does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Kemper and Kemper will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less Locations: Remote, FL, United States of America; Remote, CO, United States of America; Remote, IL, United States of America; Remote, CA, United States of America; Remote, OH, United States of America; Placeholder, MA, United States of America; Remote, TX, United States of America
Corporate



ZOLL Medical is a growing, innovation-driven company on the forefront of delivering medical devices to save lives, and software solutions to improve efficiency. With customers in more than 140 countries, we continue to expand our reach, as well as our product offerings. Hospitals, emergency medical services (EMS), and others trust us to provide high-quality products and exceptional customer service. ZOLL products are used every day across the globe to save the lives of people who suffer sudden cardiac arrest. From Real CPR Help® technology—an industry first—to the world’s only wearable defibrillator, our capabilities and features set us apart. But none of this would be possible without the motivation and dedication of ZOLL employees, and we’re invested in their success.

Job Description:

Job Summary: As an Identity and Access Management (IAM) Operations Engineer, you will be a part of the Global IT and Technology Risk organization with the responsibility of contributing your advanced experience and technical skills into ZOLL’s expanding and complex security infrastructure environment. You will be focused on engineering and operating the identity and access management tools which will include engaging and collaborating with internal stakeholders, customers, partners, and vendors. You will provide technical expertise and define best practices for cloud-based system and application security during the design and implementation process. Oversee the design, implementation, and administration of one or more security/IAM/PAM solutions (e.g. SailPoint IdentityNow, CyberArk, Data Loss Prevention, Cloud Access Security Brokers (CASB), Azure Information Protection, Multifactor Authentication, Conditional Access, Single Sign On/Federation, MCAS, Right Management Services and Azure Information Protection)

Essential Functions:

Design, implement, and support identity platforms and systems for managing access to all systems across the organization leveraging Azure AD and Active Directory Services

Responsible for implementing identity standards and technologies with other applications and business systems (SAML/SSO configurations)

Collaborate with others in the Identity and Security teams to establish standard operations, new capabilities, as well as provide input on developing access standards and reference frameworks related to Identity & Access Management

Proliferate improvements in security access authentication (MFA and risk based access), accelerating new integrations with systems or 3rd party solutions, working to enable new onboarding and process automation for staff entitlements, assisting in designing new Privileged Access Management (PAM) solutions and working to help integrate password self-service and improved password hygiene standards globally

Create and implement least-privilege-based IAM solutions to meet other teams' project and access requirements

Support user life cycle processes including, but not limited to, on-boarding and off-boarding of all types of user accounts

Support IAM Password Management processes and processing of system access requests

Perform administration and maintenance of identity solutions

Perform troubleshooting of escalated issues with identity providers or integrations

Generate tech specifications, architecture. and documentation for IAM implementations

Collaborate in the design, development, and maintenance of user repositories and directories

Design and develop enterprise-wide authentication solutions in Active Directory, Azure AD, and Okta

Collaborate and partner with Global IT and business stakeholders to enable new Identity concepts, thinking, and integrations

Coordinate the implementation of process improvements and automation, and manage escalations, issues or high-priority tasks

Provide guidance and mentorship and assign tasks to/for technical teams.


Skills Requirements:

7+ years of Identity and/or Systems Management

Experience with at least 4 of the following capabilities: SailPoint IdentityNow, CyberArk, Data Loss Prevention (DLP), Hardware Security Modules, Web Proxies, CASB, Single Sign On/Federation, Web Application Security, Online DLP, MCAS, Right Management Services or Azure Information Protection, mail transfer (Exchange, M365) and network technologies (proxy, firewall, VPN, etc.)

Strong knowledge of risk management standards including identifying risks and solutions/remediations for minimizing

Technical understanding across IT systems (e.g., applications, networks, LDAP, domains, etc.) and application authentication techniques

Ability to work with an automation mind set, and proven expertise in the use and creation of PowerShell scripts

Familiarity with vendor provided MFA and/or risk-based authentication technologies such as Azure/Okta and the integration into the authentication, authorization, and SSO process for applications and systems

Must have an understanding of Identity Governance and Administration (IGA) for combining application and system data for access certification, RBAC, access governance

Foundational knowledge of Identity Life Cycle Management, Runtime enforcement (APIs), Privileged Access Management, Identity federation (SAML), Conditional Access policies (Azure AD)

Experience supporting business critical solutions and triaging production issues therein

Ability to communicate effectively and coordinate with IT and business stakeholders to support requests for the IAM environment

Coordinate the implementation of process improvements and automation, and manage escalations, issues, or high-priority tasks

Attention to detail and aptitude for analytical problem resolution

Ability to work independently and with cross-functional teams on complex problems

Strong analytical & problem-solving skills and experience

Advanced troubleshooting skills and the ability to mentor junior technical staff.

Highly self-motivated and directed, with keen attention to detail.


Required/Preferred Education and Experience:

BS Information technology equivalent or related experience in a technology role

7+ years of industry experience required

NOTE: Salary: $125,000-$135,000 salary. Actual salaries will vary and may be above or below the range based on various factors including but not limited to location, experience, and performance. The range listed is just one component of ZOLL’s total compensation package for employees. In addition, ZOLL provides a variety of benefits to employees, including health insurance coverage, an employee wellness program, life and disability insurance, a retirement savings plan, paid holidays and paid time off (PTO).

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties, or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities will be reviewed periodically as duties and responsibilities change with business necessity. Essential and marginal job functions are subject to modification.

ZOLL Medical Corporation appreciates and values diversity. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V.

ADA: The employer will make reasonable accommodations in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990

#LI-JP1

#LI-Remote

Show More Locations: VA - Richmond, United States of America, Richmond, Virginia

Sr. Software Engineer - Identity Access Management (Remote Eligible)

Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast-paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who love to solve real problems and meet real customer needs.

We are seeking Sr. IAM Software Engineers who are passionate about building game changing solutions. As a Capital One Software Engineer, you‚Äôll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Capital One. You will work with a team of developers with deep expertise and passion in solving complex problems and creating solutions that delight our customers using Capital One‚Äôs best in class Sailpoint IdentityIQ implementation running on AWS.


What You‚Äôll Do:

Bring your automation expertise to bare on a team and customer base with an insatiable appetite for growing the capabilities of our IAM platform

Work within and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement, and support technical IAM solutions that are foundational to enterprise capabilities on a massive scale

Directly contribute to the IAM platform by developing creative and efficient coding and configuration solutions that differentiate us from the competition

Share your passion for staying on top of IAM trends, experimenting with and learning new technologies, participating in internal & external technology communities

Utilize programming languages like Javascript, Typescript, SQL, RDBMS and NoSQL databases, and a variety of AWS tools and services

Capital One is open to hiring a Remote Employee for this opportunity.

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor‚Äôs Degree

At least 4 years of experience in software engineering (Internship experience does not apply)


Preferred Qualifications:

5+ years of experience in at least one of the following: JavaScript, Java, TypeScript, SQL, Python, or Go

1+ years of experience with AWS, GCP, Microsoft Azure, or another cloud service

3+ years of experience in open source frameworks

2+ years of experience in Agile practices

Familiarity with Identity Access Management or SailPoint IdentityIQ


At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.

The minimum and maximum full-time annual salaries for this role are listed below, by location. Please note that this salary information is solely for candidates hired to perform work within one of these locations, and refers to the amount Capital One is willing to pay at the time of this posting. Salaries for part-time roles will be prorated based upon the agreed upon number of hours to be regularly worked.

Location is New York City

$156,596 and $184,748 for Senior Software Engineer

Location is Colorado

$146,005 and $172,253 for Senior Software Engineer

Candidates hired to work in other locations will be subject to the pay range associated with that location, and the actual annualized salary amount offered to any candidate at the time of hire will be reflected solely in the candidate‚Äôs offer letter.

No agencies please. Capital One is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City‚Äôs Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia‚Äôs Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.

If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com

Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.

Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less MBL Technologies, Inc. offers a diverse set of technology and management consulting services to the Federal government and commercial markets. Our custom solutions are tailored to support each client’s mission, accounting for their unique needs and operating environments to maximize effectiveness and ensure success. We bring the right people, capabilities, and experience to bear to enable informed decision-making and solutions that deliver our clients the value necessary to enable the mission.

Why Work With Us?

We trust, empower, and believe in our employees to soar to their fullest potential! No micromanaging here!
We offer a robust benefits package (medical, dental, vision, STD, Accident, Life, Hospital Insurance, FSA, HSA, 401K match, professional development stipend, etc.).
We love to have fun and give back to the community. Community Service and Employee Engagement events are atop our calendar events!
We genuinely like each other and champion everyone to achieve their own greatness!

We are currently hiring a SailPoint Engineer to support our customer in Washington, DC.. This position is fully remote, but will require occasional onsite meetings with the client.

Job Responsibilities:

Develop and maintain code, scripts, and scheduled tasks to control the identity lifecycle.
Design and build new solutions as well as identify improvements to existing deployments.
Design, configure, maintain, and upgrade a highly availability SailPoint IdentityIQ (IIQ) solution.
Configure and administer IdentityIQ for Identity Governance compliance and users provisioning using SailPoint connectors.
Create correlating tasks using identity attributes in various solutions.
Evaluate data quality using IdentityIQ reporting and searching functionality.
Implement Lifecycle Manager (LCM) Configuration workflow tasks that model business functions such as Lifecycle Requests (Role, Entitlement, Account, Password), Lifecycle Events (Joiner, Mover, Leaver) and LCM Workflow Details (Workflows and Sub processes).
Suggest and create birthright and business roles using SailPoint Role Mining.
Create process for supporting IdentityIQ certification campaign.
Implement ServiceNow integrations.
Utilize tools available for onboarding, troubleshooting, and working with SailPoint Support (Administrator Console, Advanced Analytics, IdentityIQ Console, Debug pages).

Required Skills & Qualifications:

Strong knowledge of SailPoint, including features, integration, and architecture with the ability to communicate about SailPoint and implementation at both the functional and technical level.
Experience working in an Identity Governance Role to facilitate Identity Access Management (IAM) practices to include entitlement certifications, Joiner, Mover, leaver workflows and continuous monitoring.
Experience working with cloud-based platforms such as AWS and Azure.
Experience with coding Identity Management solutions using Java, Beanshell, XML or J2EE.
Experience utilizing advanced authentication.
Ability to work in a high-paced client facing environment and is adaptable and ready to learn a wide range of technologies used to implement cloud security.
Ability to follow established software development standards and procedures and contribute towards their improvement.

MBL Technologies offers a competitive salary adjusted for candidate qualifications partnered with an industry-leading benefits package. This package includes incentive plans with corporate and individual-based performance bonuses, 401K, PTO, remote work, health and wellness programs, employee discounts, and learning and development reimbursement.

MBL Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status.

Show Less Minimum 2+ years working experience with one or more of the following: IAM, Cybersecurity or Information Security

Excellent written, presentation, and verbal communication skills. Effective understanding and working knowledge of authentication, authorization, and identity governance and administration standards

such as Single Sign-On (SSO), Multi Factor Authentication (MFA), Access Gateway, Entitlement Management, Just in Time Administration

Principles of Least Privilege, Federation, Conditional Access, Zero Trust Architectures and Concepts and Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML), OpenID (OIDC),

Open Authentication (OAuth) Experience in working with Sailpoint and has working knowledge of Azure AD, Active Directory, and other similar IAM and IGA Tools

Ability to develop architecture design deliverables that map business requirements to solutions and technologies. An analytical mind with problem-solving abilities
Experienced with various development languages such as Java, NodeJS and scripting methods such as PowerShell or Python and Proficiency with creation and editing of XML files.
Self-motivated and self directed in fulfilling assigned tasks and responsibilities.
Ensure Audit and other requested information is provided within a timely manner
Drive global standardization and adoption efforts across the organization. Action Oriented: Taking on new opportunities and tough challenges with a sense of urgency, high energy, and enthusiasm
Business Insight: Applying knowledge of business and the marketplace to advance the organization's goals
Collaborates: Building partnerships and working collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives
Drives Results: Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances Manages Ambiguity: Operating effectively, even when things are not certain or the way forward is not clear
Optimizes Work Processes: Knowing the most effective and efficient processes to get things done, with a focus on continuous improvement
Self-Development: Actively seeking new ways to grow and be challenged, using both formal and informal development channels
Situational Adaptability: Adapting approach and demeanor in real time to match the shifting demands of different situations
Responsible for the solution planning, architecture, development, and delivery of AD, Azure AD, and SailPoint, leading IGA solutions and related solutions.
Deliver high quality work in both large-scale project environments and smaller, single-staffed engagement models.
Knowledge transfer and sharing best practices to enhance the quality of the Security Product Catalog including the definition and delivery of new offerings.
Collaborate with the appropriate internal teams to develop and maintain a technology plan that supports the client's needs.
Manage escalation internally to ensure appropriate servicing of client needs.

Experience implementing cloud-based security policies and procedures, control standards, and operational practices

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $70,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year

Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Identity & access management: 3 years (Required)
IAM: 1 year (Required)
Active Directory: 4 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Show Less NEW DIGITAL BANK MISSION STATEMENT:

Join us on our mission to create a completely new, 100% digital bank that truly serves customers' best interests. We are a close-knit and fun-loving team of seasoned financial services professionals who came together for the challenge of building a bank from scratch - and we are committed to doing it all the right way (from technology infrastructure to modern marketing to customer experience).

We work with the flexibility and speed of a start-up. But we also have significant stability and capital from being part of the SMBC Group (Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation). SMBC is the 2nd largest bank in Japan and the 12th largest bank in the world with operations in over 40 countries. And SMBC is committed to disrupting the US marketplace with ground-breaking products.

It's the best of both worlds, and we are seeking proven marketing leaders to propel us towards a national launch. We have both the ambitious growth plans and the 'patient capital' necessary to execute a multi-year plan. Join us on the journey to deliver an exciting concept of evolved banking.




JOB SUMMARY:

Jenius Bank is currently seeking an engineer to join our Identity and Access Management adding to our growing Cybersecurity team. In this role you will be responsible for developing and driving critical access control development, implementation, and maintenance. Ensuring effective access controls across all the companys user types (corporate, privileged, business to business and commercial).




PRINCIPAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:

Leads development and maintenance of the core identity platforms that enables Jenius Bank to conduct business.
Builds a team that will succeed in a fast-paced scaled agile environment and meet the needs of Jenius Bank customers and business partners.
Collaborates with architecture, service development, and application development teams in the building of access controls for interactive user logins as well as security application to application communications.
Sustains a highly available and resilient identity platform through the application of modern technology service management principles.
Be a driver for the secure adoption of modern application architectures and deployment models as a stakeholder in our application modernization and cloud adoption programs.
Supports development of strategy, vision and roadmap implementation of authentication, authorization, and identity governance controls.
Develops strong working relationships with other leaders in the information technology organization by providing continuous assistance and thought leadership.
Establishes and maintains relationships with suppliers and business partners in the IAM industry.
Educates, coaches, and mentors a team on technical, company policy & procedures, and other topics.
Establish and maintain access controls for company Azure and GCP platforms.
Show Less Our client in the retail industry is looking for a skilled Kubernetes DevOps Engineer. This is a 6 month contract with the intent to go long term. The budgeted pay rate is $96.85/hour.

Minimum Qualifications and Experience:

Experience supporting multiple development teams on a multi-tenant platform
Experience with solving complex undefined technology problems
Experience building Production grade environments (HA, DR, security)
Ability to pick up new technologies quickly
Experience with sustainable engineering practices such as automated testing, continuous integration, continuous deployment, and monitoring / alerting
Excellent communication skills - you can effectively work with engineers but at the same time collaborate with stakeholders
Preferred skills include:
Kubernetes administration experience (preferably AKS)
Azure cloud administration experience
Kubernetes software packaging and deployment experience (Helm and Kustomize, Azure DevOps, GitHub Actions)
Terraform / Terraform Cloud experience
Git development (preferably GitHub) & GitOps experience (preferably flux2)
Implementing (and potentially contributing) to CNCF open source technologies
Experience with DevOps best practices and tools
Not required but ideal: Certifications such as CKA, CKAD, KCNA, CKS, AZ-900

Key Responsibilities:

Kubernetes (primarily AKS) support work: fielding customer requests and platform issues
Azure platform support work: provisioning Azure native services and components as well as integration, networking, and issue resolution
Developer experience maturation: primarily involving maturing templates and CI/CD pipelines
Platform development: building out capabilities using Azure and Kubernetes such as Internet Accessibility, Identity Access Management, High Availability, Disaster Recovery, Observability, etc
Documentation: Documenting and educating others on use of solutions developed

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $96.85 per hour

Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Kubernetes administration: 1 year (Preferred)
Terraform: 1 year (Preferred)
GitHub: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Show Less Our Company

Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.

We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours!

The Opportunity
We are building the next generation of work productivity tools. As a Software Engineer at Adobe Workfront, you will work with a dedicated team of engineers and product professionals to build products that turn heads, delight customers and continue to redefine the way work gets done.
We are seeing a Mid- level Full-Stack Engineer to join our team of dedicated engineers.
When you work at Adobe Workfront, you are much more than just a coder. Our teams own projects end to end - conception, architecture, implementation, experimentation, and iteration. You will have the opportunity to explore new technologies and learn from top-tier developers. If you are looking to up your game, there is no better place than Adobe!

What You'll Do

Take ownership for the design, development, testing, troubleshooting, measurement, optimization, and improvement of software across platforms

Champion application, framework, and service design efforts - optimizing for quality, testability, and scale.

Partner with cross functional experts (Product Management, Design, etc.) to determine customer focused solutions that tackle problems.

Contribute to domain expertise, leading to product improvements and industry breakthroughs

Leverage best practices, articulate ideas, and market them across team and organization.

Promote and benefit from a culture of continuous learning and growth

Interact with customers to refine requirements and identify vital modifications.
What you need to succeed

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering (or equivalent education or work experience)

1-5 years of programming experience with recent experience in JavaScript technologies (React, Node, Angular, TypeScript, ES6)

Demonstrate knowledge of other technologies (Java, Spring, Docker, AWS, GCP)

Experience with data technologies (NoSQL, Kafka, Elasticsearch) is a plus

Experience building accessible applications that conform to WCAG 2.1 AA

Be comfortable with taking a reasonable amount of risk

Clear communication with the team and management to define and achieve goals.

Ability to pick up and master new concepts quickly and apply them

Experience researching solutions to problems and pitching your ideas to senior team members.

Anticipate customer needs to identify new ways to support them

At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized throughout the world on Best Companies lists. You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely.
If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer.

Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or veteran status.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less Our Purpose
We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a
culture of inclusion
for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results.
Job Title
Lead Software Engineer - Identity and Access Management (IAM)
Overview

Identity Access Management teams are responsible for end-to-end providing services to support internal employees and external customers capabilities to retrieve access to Mastercard systems and applications.

The Identity Access Engineering team within Corporate Security is focused on onboarding new cutting edge technologies within the Identity Access Management space, enhancing existing identity access services through automation, and executing on the strategy of access being an enabler for the business' needs.

The purpose of this job is to be a technical lead on a team that is focused on delivering new and enhanced identity access initiatives for our employees.

This position includes partnering with project managers for implementation of technical solutions, detailing costs and time estimates for initiatives, mentoring junior team members through all phases of the software development lifecycle, and ensuring compliance of audit requirements proactively.

Role


Partner on technical implementation efforts of new products and services
with strong communication to impacted business owners

Software Design and Architecture for in house and vendor security products
Working with vendors to implement scalable solutions into our solution
architecture

Design and develop simple, (re-)usable, service enabled, maintainable, and
scalable security solutions that meet business requirements, and comply with
information security policies

Prioritize and identify cross application and system enhancements
Lead review sessions of technical requirements and manage defect
resolution process

Partner with your peers in Business Operations (BizOps) and other internal
identity access management teams to ensure delivery of services aligns with
governance controls and support requirements

Responsible for ensuring operational readiness of platforms through reviews
and procedures of planning, testing, and implementation management

Responsible to lead cross-functional teams and deliver global projects
working with regional offices

Responsible for coordinating with one or more groups to ensure platform
goals are met

Develops plans to improve quality within our Identity Access Management
systems and platforms

Researches new methodologies to improve security and development
practices

All About You


High-energy, detail-oriented and proactive with the ability to function under
pressure in an independent environment but also as part of a highly
productive team

Successful track record in software development or security engineering
Intermediate skills in API development/utilization/integration
Intermediate exposure to Python
Intermediate strategic/thoughtful risk taking experience
Intermediate/Advanced Corporate Security skills, specifically to Identity Access Management or Security Engineering is a plus
Intermediate/Advanced Corporate Security skills, specifically to PKI and key
management is a plus

Intermediate skills in Agile
Experience in regulatory compliance (e.g., PCI) is a plus
Intermediate technical background (Windows, UNIX, databases, network, web
applications, SSH protocol)

Experience in dealing with difficult situations and making decisions with a
sense of urgency

Experience with coaching junior developers
Exposure to CyberArk or any PAM solution is a plus
Exposure to RSA IGL is a plus
DevOps experience, in tools such as Jenkins and Chef is a plusIn the US, Mastercard is an inclusive Equal Employment Opportunity employer that considers applicants without regard to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, disabled or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you require accommodations or assistance to complete the online application process, please contact reasonable_accommodation@mastercard.com and identify the type of accommodation or assistance you are requesting. Do not include any medical or health information in this email. The Reasonable Accommodations team will respond to your email promptly.
Corporate Security Responsibility
All activities involving access to Mastercard assets, information, and networks comes with an inherent risk to the organization and, therefore, it is expected that every person working for, or on behalf of, Mastercard is responsible for information security and must:
Abide by Mastercard’s security policies and practices;
Ensure the confidentiality and integrity of the information being accessed;
Report any suspected information security violation or breach, and
Complete all periodic mandatory security trainings in accordance with Mastercard’s guidelines.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less Overview

Guidehouse is a leading global provider of consulting services to the public sector and commercial markets, with broad capabilities in management, technology, and risk consulting. By combining our public and private sector expertise, we help clients address their most complex challenges and navigate significant regulatory pressures focusing on transformational change, business resiliency, and technology-driven innovation. Across a range of advisory, consulting, outsourcing, and digital services, we create scalable, innovative solutions that help our clients outwit complexity and position them for future growth and success. The company has more than 12,000 professionals in over 50 locations globally. Guidehouse is a Veritas Capital portfolio company, led by seasoned professionals with proven and diverse expertise in traditional and emerging technologies, markets, and agenda-setting issues driving national and global economies. For more information, please visit www.guidehouse.com.


Responsibilities

Responsibilities
Developing and documenting technical and conceptual specifications in support of the overall program identity and access management designs
Supporting the design, development and ongoing operations of the IPPS-A identity and access management applications and environments
Setup and integration of multiple identity and access management applications with various core components of the IPPS-A system, (i.e. PeopleSoft and OBIEE)
Supporting the development, testing and CM teams for Functional/Security and Performance Testing, code packaging and code migration to various Test and Production environments
Working closely with DBAs, application administrators, developers, and testers to troubleshoot system issues, address design challenges, and improve performance
Ongoing system responsibilities include daily administration, regular software maintenance including security patch application and upgrade planning, and installation and configuration of software on new servers to build out new operational environments or provide additional system capacity
Other regular duties include task definition, status reporting, creation and maintenance of project documentation, including configuration guides, system specifications, and workflow diagrams

Qualifications

The following qualifications are REQUIRED to be considered for this role:
An ACTIVE and CURRENT SECRET Security Clearance
Bachelor's Degree
Current Security+ Certification
5+ years experience within Oracle Identity Management Suite 11gR2/12c
3+ years hands-on experience with Oracle Identity Management Suite (OIM, OAM, OUD, OPAM)
3+ years DoD Infrastructure experience within Network Engineering
Experience with Oracle Identity and Access Management High-Availability and Disaster Recovery
Proven track record of successful deployment of Identity applications from requirements gathering through implementation phases
Proven mastery of troubleshooting techniques and the ability to solve problems quickly
The following qualifications are PREFERRED for this role:
An ACTIVE and CURRENT TS/SCI Security Clearance
Demonstrated experience Installing, configuring, troubleshooting, and successfully deploying Identity or Authorization applications
3+ years of direct, hands-on experience with various single-sign-on methodologies
3+ years of experience in developing software applications
3+ years of experience with a SQL-based database, preferable Oracle
3+ years of experience working with Red Hat Linux, Solaris and Windows Servers
Possess a solid understanding of Oracle Solaris 11
Experience provisioning users with OIM to the PeopleSoft HCM and LDAP connector
Experience setting up workflows using OIM
Expertise in Java administration and WebLogic
Expertise in common IAM protocols and standards such as OAUTH, SAML, JWT
Experience w/EAMS Integration (Akamai)
Experience w/DS Logon Integration
Experience working within a DoD Data Center such as DISA

Additional Requirements

The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.


Disclaimer


About Guidehouse

Guidehouse is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law, ordinance, or regulation.


Guidehouse will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law or ordinance including the Fair Chance Ordinance of Los Angeles and San Francisco.


If you have visited our website for information about employment opportunities, or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Guidehouse Recruiting at 1-571-633-1711 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@guidehouse.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodation.


Guidehouse does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Guidehouse and Guidehouse will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.


Rewards and Benefits

Guidehouse offers a comprehensive, total rewards package that includes competitive compensation and a flexible benefits package that reflects our commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace.


Benefits include:

Medical, Rx, Dental & Vision Insurance
Personal and Family Sick Time & Company Paid Holidays
Position may be eligible for a discretionary variable incentive bonus
Parental Leave and Adoption Assistance
401(k) Retirement Plan
Basic Life & Supplemental Life
Health Savings Account, Dental/Vision & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts
Short-Term & Long-Term Disability
Tuition Reimbursement, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities
Skills Development & Certifications
Employee Referral Program
Corporate Sponsored Events & Community Outreach
Emergency Back-Up Childcare Program
Show Less Overview:

Evolver, a Converged Security Solutions company, is an information technology company serving the Federal, Commercial, and Legal markets that addresses client challenges in the present and transitions clients into the future by introducing efficient and effective IT solutions. With a dedicated focus on client satisfaction, CSS has proven its value time and time again, from managing day-to-day operations to skillfully navigating the implementation and support of new technologies. Our core competencies are infrastructure, application development, cybersecurity, cloud, end-user support, data analytics and legal services.

We believe our employees are key to our success and continued growth. We attract and retain our diverse workforce by promoting a work-life balance with generous and flexible time off, competitive compensation and benefits, and a commitment to professional development. When you join our team, you join a community of talented and dedicated individuals whose abilities, skills, and actions contribute to the success of the company every day.

Evolver is looking for a Identity Management Admin/Engineer (IAMA/E) to provide consulting and associated cybersecurity services. The position will support Evolver clients in the federal, state and local and commercial market spaces.

The Identity Management Admin/Engineer (IAMA/E) Senior is a dynamic position on a high performing team working to deploy the next generation of cybersecurity technologies for a strategic federal customer. IAMA/E will build upon his/her IT and engineering experience with a strong background in Identity & Access Management (IAM) products and solutions implementation, with particular emphasis on SailPoint Identity Governance and Lifecycle Management. The IAMA/E is an engineering role responsible for performing system implementation and integration activities. The engineer role is the face of client delivery and is critical to delivery of services and managing client expectations day-to-day. IAMA/E will support a team that aims to enhance the cyber security posture of civilian government agencies by actively identifying and mitigating a wide range of cyber risks with improved network monitoring and control tools and processes.

Essential Job Duties and Responsibilities

Participate in architectural reviews and development as an Identity Access Management subject matter expert.
Design, develop, test, implement, and document workflows, custom connectors, and other custom software to meet client requirements, typically in Java/JEE.
Follow software design and development principles and best practices aligned with agency System Design Life Cycle (SDLC) (waterfall, Agile, iterative, hybrid, etc).
Direct communication with a variety of client stakeholders.
Document User guides and training material to support development and deployment tasks.
Work with Service Delivery team in developing agency-specific designs and policies, to include working directly with agency technical and security SMEs;
Document, publish and maintain a knowledge base of information pertaining to the functionality, processes and procedures related to the tools;
Apply technical expertise in implementing efficiencies and creating strategies to better detect and respond to cyber incidents by prioritizing mitigation actions.
Implement Role-based Access Control (RBAC) frameworks and least privileged access models based on top down / bottom up models.
Support IAM program requirements at federal agency client sites throughout the DC metro area.

Minimum Qualifications and Requirements

Participate in architectural reviews and development as an IAM subject matter expert.
SailPoint Identity Governance and Lifecycle Management
Design, develop, test, implement, and document workflows, custom connectors, and other custom software to meet client requirements, typically in Java/JEE.
Follow software design and development principles and best practices aligned with agency System Design Life Cycle (SDLC) (waterfall, Agile, iterative, hybrid, etc).
Direct communication with a variety of client stakeholders.
Document User guides and training material to support development and deployment tasks.
Work with Service Delivery team in developing agency-specific designs and policies, to include working directly with agency technical and security SMEs;
Document, publish and maintain a knowledge base of information pertaining to the functionality, processes and procedures related to the tools;
Apply technical expertise in implementing efficiencies and creating strategies to better detect and respond to cyber incidents by prioritizing mitigation actions.
Implement Role-based Access Control (RBAC) frameworks and least privileged access models based on top down / bottom up models.
Support IAM program requirements at federal agency client sites throughout the DC metro area.

Training and Certifications (required and desired)

BS and 8+ yrs experience OR MS 4+ yrs OR additional 4 years experience in lieu of BS degree

EOE Statement

At CSS, we foster teamwork, growth, individuality and entrepreneurialism. We value employee opinions and encourage them to make a difference by getting involved and being thought-leaders. As a part of the CSS team, we actively promote a working and learning environment that supports a highly qualified workforce and a quality of work life that is based on trust and respect for all employees resulting in a healthy and trusting organizational culture.

CSS is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability or veteran status, genetics, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $90,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year

Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:
As a federal contractor and employer of more than 100 employees, we are compliant with the President’s COVID-19 Action Plan for a Safer Workforce and Executive Order 14043. The successful candidate must provide proof of full vaccination for this position.

Experience:

Identity & access management: 4 years (Required)
Sailpoint: 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Show Less Overview:

Provide technical expertise for ongoing Enterprise Identity Management and Access Systems operation and enhancement as well as related technologies such as CAS Shibboleth and LDAP. Work closely with the security portal applications and infrastructure teams in the interactions of their systems with the IdM and related systems. Establish and maintain standards and documentation (technical specifications and design documents) for architecture and processes/ procedures of the IdM/IAM systems. This position is onsite and online.
Responsibilities:
As part of the IdM/IAM team, provide programming and development for IdM/IAM and related technologies including new IdM/IAM initiatives and application of overall best practices into our existing environment, further integrations with existing processes, and development of enhancements and improvements to the system.
Collaboration with security portal application and infrastructure teams to help manage the operation of the IdM/IAM and related technologies.
Help oversee the technical development of interfaces and single sign-on integrations between the IAM and target systems.
Review, and where applicable, (under supervision) amend and correct code of new system components/enhancements.
Serve as technical resource in various middleware, open-source, and commercial technologies.
Work with the teams responsible for system maintenance, performance capacity issues, and upgrades for IAM and related systems.
Perform regression and technical testing on developed code prior to UAT.
Help manage the development and test servers and work with the UAT team.
Work with the IT security staff to ensure adherence to security protocols and offer suggestions on areas that may improve/enhance existing technical protocols.
Work with the PMO for IT to support and develop new and ongoing projects.
Qualifications:
Education/ Experience
College degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field or equivalent experience.
Minimum 2 years’ IT experience with experience with Identity and access management technologies.
Experience working with stakeholders with varying degrees of technical expertise.
Higher education work experience a plus
Experience in some or all of the following: Configuration and operation of SAML technology
Knowledge/ Skills/ Abilities
Ability to work well in a collaborative work environment
Strong oral and written communication skills
Knowledge of database systems and associated languages
Hands-on development of IdM/IAM solutions
Directory services including LDAP and Active Directory
Programming in Java Python Groovy or Ruby JavaScript HTML CSS XML XSL JSON
Security authentication and authorization protocols
Privileged account management
Federated identity management
Linux/Unix environments including Bash shell
REST apiShow Less  Overview:
Together We Grow. Together we Change.

Are you ready to apply your identity & access management experience within a Fortune 200 company, a company with a rich tradition of success, built on a foundation of iconic brands and poised to move passionately into the future of the dynamic consumer packaged goods industry? If so, we want to speak with you!

We are currently seeking a qualified Identity & Access Management Engineer to join our Information Services (IS) department in Richmond, VA. We are open to remote working arrangements.

Altria’s digital evolution
We’re undergoing an exciting transformation at Altria. Led by our new Chief Digital & Technology officer, we’re streamlining processes, improving customer experience, and using innovative intelligence to forecast and respond to trends. Our digital strategy will improve consumer, customer, and supply chain experiences business wide.

In this role, you will:

Maintain Enterprise Identity and Access Management platform (Active Directory, Azure AD, DirSync/AD Connect, SSO/ADFS, MFA, FIM/MIM)
Maintain current documentation for the Enterprise IAM platform, related tools, and business processes (security/compliance, HA/DR, data management, monitoring, application integration, etc.)
Proactively identifying future needs for IAM services
Participate in implementation of new features and integration scenarios within IAM environments
Lead technical and business users
Willing to learn new technologies

We want you to have:

Bachelor's degree in IS/CS/ Engineering or equivalent
6+ years of IT experience
Hands-on experience with the following technologies including Implementation and Administration:
Microsoft Windows Server 2012+
Active Directory, DirSync, Azure AD, SSO/ADFS
IAM and Messaging Service monitoring (SCOM and/or SolarWinds)
O365 User Administration
Solid grasp of LDAP, SQL, PowerShell, VBScript
Familiar with network/security (load balancers/firewalls//DLP/DNS/DHCP)
Collaboration with business and technical partners
Good Analytical and troubleshooting skills
Be a good teammate, customer oriented, results driven and a quick learner
Good written and verbal communication skills

In addition to the opportunity to apply and develop your marketing and business development skills toward key business objectives, we offer an excellent compensation package including a competitive base salary, comprehensive health/vision/dental insurance, participation in our incentive compensation and deferred profit sharing programs as well as a relocation assistance.

Altria Client Services Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or other legally protected characteristic.


Company Overview: Altria has a leading portfolio of tobacco products for U.S. tobacco consumers age 21+. Altria’s Vision through 2030 is to responsibly lead the transition of adult smokers to a non-combustible future. Altria is Moving Beyond Smoking™, leading the way in moving adult smokers away from cigarettes by taking action to transition millions to potentially less harmful choices - believing it is a substantial opportunity for adult tobacco consumers, Altria’s businesses and society. Altria’s wholly owned subsidiaries include the most profitable tobacco companies in their categories: Philip Morris USA Inc. (PM USA), U.S. Smokeless Tobacco Company LLC (USSTC), and John Middleton Co. (Middleton). Altria’s smoke-free portfolio includes Helix Innovations LLC (Helix), the maker of on! oral nicotine pouches, exclusive U.S. commercialization rights to the IQOS Tobacco Heating System®* and Marlboro HeatSticks®*, and an equity investment in JUUL Labs, Inc. (JUUL). Altria also owns equity investments in Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV (ABI), the world’s largest brewer, and Cronos Group Inc. (Cronos), a leading Canadian cannabinoid company. At Altria, we celebrate the power of diverse teams working together to shape our future. We are inspired to bring our best because our unique strengths are valued. We believe our personal success and progress should be guided by Our Cultural Aspiration, a new articulation of what we value and who we aspire to be, collectively. Our Cultural Aspiration respects and complements individual identity, embracing each other’s unique strengths, welcoming newcomers and developing the best, most inclusive and diverse teams. Join us as we work together to shape a better future for adult tobacco consumers, our employees, and our shareholders. Each Altria company is an equal opportunity employer. Learn more about Altria at www.altria.com and follow us on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn. *IQOS Devices and HeatSticks® are currently unavailable for sale in the United States.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less Overview:
We are CONNECTING HEALTH AND WEALTH. Come be part of remarkable.

How you can make a difference

Help shape and drive the Identity Access Management and Identity Governance program within HealthEquity. The Security IAM Engineer will serve as an architect, administrator, and developer for Sailpoint, IdentityNow and other Identity and Access Management tools. The individual will engage business and technical partners to ensure access is clearly defined and identified in an effort to mature and scale the scope of control and reduce risk. This position is responsible for planning, evaluation, architecture and support of the Identity Access Management solution and its associated processes. As part of this role the individual will be expected to be a proactive IAM team member, influence others through indirect leadership, develop meaningful security solutions, and then thoughtfully execute.

What you’ll be doing

Partner with leadership to implement and design the enterprise IAM program
Design, architect, and implement the enterprise-wide IAM tools and drive key initiatives/projects focused on the reduction of technology risk within HealthEquity under the direction of the Senior IAM Architecture and Implementation Manager and VP of Identity Access Management
Responsible for identifying, evaluating, and participating in decision making around new and emerging IAM technologies
Integrate IAM systems with applications for lifecycle management, provisioning, identity authentication, and developing connectors between IAM tools and system resources
Act as a subject matter expert as it pertains to IAM & PAM technology, strategy, and integration execution
Evaluate and enhance standards and approaches to enable secure integration of PAM solutions
Orchestrate the integration of BeyondTrust with Identity Stores (Microsoft AD)
Resolve complex technical IAM & PAM issues
Create functional and detailed technical specifications
Perform quality assurance testing for production applications and software upgrades
Work with diverse IT and business teams to assist with IAM integrations via risk-based approach

What you will need to be successful

Bachelor’s degree, or the equivalent years related experience required
5+ years of experience in Information Security, specifically in IAM and/or PAM
Deep understanding of identity access management tools integrations (preferably SailPoint & BeyondTrust)
Prior experience implementing and/or maturing a Privileged Access Management program
Familiarity with NIST, SOC2, SOX, and/or ISO27k standards
Security certifications such as CISSP, CISM, CISA, or CRISC a plus
IdentityNow certifications beneficial
#LI-Remote
This is a remote position
Benefits & Perks:
Medical, Dental, Vision
HSA contribution and match
Dependent Care FSA match
Unlimited Paid Time Off
401(k) match
Paid Parental Leave
Ongoing Education & Tuition Assistance
Gym/Fitness Reimbursement
Award Winning Wellness Program
Come be your authentic self:

Why work for HealthEquity


HealthEquity has a vision that by 2030 we will make HSAs as wide-spread and popular as retirement accounts. We are passionate about providing a solution that allows American families to connect health and wealth. Join us and discover a work experience where the person is valued more than the position. Click here to learn more.


Come be your authentic self


HealthEquity, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, age, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, status as a qualified individual with a disability, veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. HealthEquity is a drug-free workplace. For more information about our EEO policy, or about HealthEquity’s applicant disability accommodation, drug-free-workplace, background check, and E-Verify policies, please visit our Careers page.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportPosition Details
Position Information

Requisition Number
S1997P


Home Org Name
Office of Information Technology


Division Name
Chief InfoOffice and InfoTechnology


Position Title
Systems Engineer/Sr Systems Engineer (Identity & Access Management)


Job Class Code
MA46/47


Appointment Status
Full-time


Part-time FTE


Limited Term
No


Limited Term Length


Job Summary
The Office of Information Technology at Auburn University is seeking an IAM systems engineer whose primary focus will be in the area of Active Directory. The position is responsible for on/off-boarding users in Active Directory, programmatic group membership maintenance as well as ensuring the stability, integrity, and efficient operation of AU’s Active Directory environment. The position will report to the manager of the Identity and Access Management team and the selected candidate must be a self-starter, capable of working independently, under limited direction, and in a team environment.

About Auburn: At Auburn, our work changes lives. Ranked by U.S. News and World Report as a premier public institution, Auburn University is dedicated to shaping the future of the people of Alabama, the nation, and the world through forward-thinking education, life-enhancing research, scholarship and selfless service. Auburn is nationally recognized for its commitment to academic excellence, community outreach, positive work environment, student engagement, and thriving community.

Why employees choose Auburn: Auburn University was named by Forbes Magazine as one of the state of Alabama’s best employers, with employees staying an average of ten years. Employees enjoy competitive benefits that include top-notch health insurance, generous retirement plans, tuition assistance for employees and dependents, flexible spending accounts and more! Learn more about Auburn’s impact, generous employee benefits, and thriving community by visiting aub.ie/working-at-auburn.

Our Commitment: Auburn University is committed to a diverse and inclusive campus environment. Visit www.auburn.edu/inclusion to learn more about our commitment to expanding equity and inclusion for all.


Essential Functions
The position is primarily responsible for ensuring eligible users are properly created, provisioned and deprovisioned in Auburn University’s Active Directory infrastructure at each phase of a user’s lifecycle at the university.

Additional responsibilities include maintenance of the Azure AD Connect cloud synchronization service as well as troubleshooting synchronization issues between AU’s onsite Active Directory and AzureAD cloud environments and securing, managing, and improving the on premise Active Directory environment to include daily monitoring and troubleshooting of basic Active Directory services.

This position will work closely with both internal OIT employees, the IT Service Desk, and distributed IT personnel located throughout the University.


Minimum Education and Experience

Education Level
High school diploma or equivalent for entry level


Field of Study


Years of Experience


Area of Experience
Active Directory system administration and/or user life cycle management in an Active Directory or hybrid AzureAD environment. Relevant IT experience in the administration of distributed computer systems, preferably in a university setting.


Requirements for Additional Job Levels
The Systems Engineer (Infrastructure) position is posted at two levels.

Systems Engineer:
High school diploma and 11 years of relevant experience OR
Associate’s degree and 7 years of experience OR
Bachelor’s degree and 3 years of experience.
Typical salaries are between $68,200 – $81,100

Sr Systems Engineer:
Bachelor’s degree and 6 years of relevant experience
Typical salaries are between $75,867 – $91,833

Salary is commensurate with education and experience.


Alternate Minimum Education and Experience (If available)

Education Level


Field of Study


Years of Experience


Area of Experience


Requirements for Additional Job Levels


Minimum Skills, License, and Certifications

Minimum Skills and Abilities
In-depth knowledge of Active Directory infrastructure and all related services.
Experience managing AD Connect in a hybrid environment.
Working knowledge of DNS technologies as related to Active Directory.
Experience troubleshooting locked user accounts.
Experience managing OU permissions for OU administrators.
Ability to develop/understand PowerShell scripts for administrative tasks.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.


Minimum Technology Skills


Minimum License and Certifications


Desired Qualifications

Desired Qualifications
In addition to the minimum qualifications listed above, desired qualifications for this position include an earned degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Management Information Systems, or a related field from an accredited institution or relevant work experience. Other desired qualifications include a working knowledge of one or more of the following:
Multiple years of Microsoft Active Directory domain administration.
Experience auto-provisioning/deprovisioning user objects, group memberships and placement within AD via an IAM system such as Fischer Identity.
Microsoft Office 365 licensing via dynamic AzureAD groups.
Familiarity with updating Group Policy Administrative template (ADMX and ADML) files.
Knowledge and support of Group Policy Objects (GPO).
Experience with an incident resolution and change management system such as ServiceNow.
Experience with AzureAD.
Knowledge of Splunk logs to troubleshoot AD login and locked account issues.
Experience with LDAP.
Experience with SQL.


Posting Detail Information

Salary Range
$55,300 - $107,800


Job Category
Information Systems/Technology


Working Hours if Non-Traditional


City position is located in:
Auburn


State position is located:
Alabama


List any hazardous conditions or physical demands required by this position


Posting Date
09/13/2022


Closing Date


EEO Statement
Auburn University is committed to an inclusive and diverse campus environment. Women, underrepresented groups, individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply.

AUBURN UNIVERSITY IS AN AFFIRMATIVE ACTION/EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER. It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunities for all individuals without regard to race, sex, religion, color, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by applicable law.

Show Less Position Purpose:

Protecting what matters most to our associates and consumers by securing our sensitive data and critical assests from current and emerging threats. At The Home Depot, Cybersecurity consists of Architecture, Governance, Identity & Access Management, Internal Threat Operations, Issue and Compliance Management, Risk Assessment/Advisory, Security Consulting, Security Operations, Service Optimization and Strategic Planning.

Key Responsibilities:
100% Deliver Execution, Plans & Aligns, Develop Others - Design, review and execute solutions to protect the enterprise; Lead, mentor and provide guidance; Facilitate vulnerability management programs across systems, networking and engineering teams; Develop, test, deply and operationalize security monitoring, assessment and response solutions
Direct Manager/Direct Reports:
This position typically reports to Manager or Sr. Manager
This position has 0 Direct Reports
Travel Requirements:
No travel required.
Physical Requirements:
Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.
Working Conditions:
Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.
Minimum Qualifications:
Must be eighteen years of age or older.
Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.
Preferred Qualifications:
No additional qualifications
Minimum Education:
The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a bachelor's degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job.
Preferred Education:
No additional education
Minimum Years of Work Experience:
5+
Preferred Years of Work Experience:
No additional years of experience
Minimum Leadership Experience:
None
Preferred Leadership Experience:
None
Certifications:
None
Competencies:
Action Oriented
Collaborates
Drives Engagement
Communicates Effectively
Customer Focus
Drives Results
Manages Conflict

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportPosition Purpose:

Protecting what matters most to our associates and consumers by securing our sensitive data and critical assests from current and emerging threats. At The Home Depot, Cybersecurity consists of Architecture, Governance, Identity & Access Management, Internal Threat Operations, Issue and Compliance Management, Risk Assessment/Advisory, Security Consulting, Security Operations, Service Optimization and Strategic Planning.

Key Responsibilities:
100% Deliver Execution, Plans & Aligns, Develop Others - Design, review and execute solutions to protect the enterprise; Lead, mentor and provide guidance; Facilitate vulnerability management programs across systems, networking and engineering teams; Develop, test, deply and operationalize security monitoring, assessment and response solutions
Direct Manager/Direct Reports:
This position typically reports to Manager or Sr. Manager
This position has 0 Direct Reports
Travel Requirements:
No travel required.
Physical Requirements:
Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.
Working Conditions:
Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.
Minimum Qualifications:
Must be eighteen years of age or older.
Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.
Minimum Education:
The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a bachelor's degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job.
Minimum Years of Work Experience:
8
Competencies:
Action Oriented
Collaborates
Drives Engagement
Communicates Effectively
Customer Focus
Drives Results
Manages Conflict

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less Position Purpose:

Protecting what matters most to our associates and consumers by securing our sensitive data and critical assets from current and emerging threats. At The Home Depot, Cybersecurity consists of Architecture, Governance, Identity & Access Management, Internal Threat Operations, Issue and Compliance Management, Risk Assessment/Advisory, Security Consulting, Security Operations, Service Optimization and Strategic Planning.
Cybersecurity Engineer II utilizes business knowledge and solid technical experience of security to provide a secure environment for the business.

Key Responsibilities:
100% Deliver Execution & Problem Solving - Collaborate with Enterprise Technology to configure and integrate cybersecurity systems that mitigate risk; Troubleshoot and quickly resolve escalated incidents; Design, build, configure, maintain, monitor cybersecurity threat defense capabilities and user access management; Coordinate integration and collaboration with managed security providers; Investigate and recommend corrective actions related to incidents
Direct Manager/Direct Reports:
This position typically reports to Manager or Sr. Manager
This position has 0 Direct Reports
Travel Requirements:
No travel required.
Physical Requirements:
Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.
Working Conditions:
Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.
Minimum Qualifications:
Must be eighteen years of age or older.
Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.
Preferred Qualifications:
No additional qualifications
Minimum Education:
The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a bachelor's degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job.
Preferred Education:
No additional education
Minimum Years of Work Experience:
2
Competencies:
Action Oriented
Collaborates
Communicates Effectively
Customer Focus
Drives Results

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less Position Purpose:

Protecting what matters most to our associates and consumers by securing our sensitive data and critical assets from current and emerging threats. At The Home Depot, Cybersecurity consists of Architecture, Governance, Identity & Access Management, Internal Threat Operations, Issue and Compliance Management, Risk Assessment/Advisory, Security Consulting, Security Operations, Service Optimization and Strategic Planning.
Cybersecurity Engineer utilizes business knowledge and technical experience of cybersecurity to provide a secure environment for the business.

Key Responsibilities:
100% Deliver Execution & Problem Solving - Troubleshoot and quickly resolve escalated incidents Investigate and recommend corrective actions related to incidents Collaborate with Enterprise Technology to configure and integrate cybersecurity systems and services that mitigate risk Design, build, configure, maintain and monitor cybersecurity threat defense capabilities and user access management
Direct Manager/Direct Reports:
This Position typically reports to Manager or Sr. Manager
This Position has 0 Direct Reports
Travel Requirements:
No travel required.
Physical Requirements:
Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.
Working Conditions:
Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.
Minimum Qualifications:
Must be eighteen years of age or older.
Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.
Minimum Education:
The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a high school diploma and/or GED.
Minimum Years of Work Experience:
0
Preferred Years of Work Experience:
No additional years of experience
Competencies:
Action Oriented
Collaborates
Communicates Effectively
Customer Focus
Drives Results

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less Position Purpose:

Protecting what matters most to our associates and consumers by securing our sensitive data and critical assets from current and emerging threats. At The Home Depot, Cybersecurity consists of Architecture, Governance, Identity & Access Management, Internal Threat Operations, Issue and Compliance Management, Risk Assessment/Advisory, Security Consulting, Security Operations, Service Optimization and Strategic Planning.
Cybersecurity Engineer utilizes business knowledge and technical experience of cybersecurity to provide a secure environment for the business.

Key Responsibilities:
100% Deliver Execution & Problem Solving - Troubleshoot and quickly resolve escalated incidents Investigate and recommend corrective actions related to incidents Collaborate with Enterprise Technology to configure and integrate cybersecurity systems and services that mitigate risk Design, build, configure, maintain and monitor cybersecurity threat defense capabilities and user access management
Direct Manager/Direct Reports:
This Position typically reports to Manager or Sr. Manager
This Position has 0 Direct Reports
Travel Requirements:
No travel required.
Physical Requirements:
Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.
Working Conditions:
Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.
Minimum Qualifications:
Must be eighteen years of age or older.
Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.
Minimum Education:
The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a high school diploma and/or GED.
Minimum Years of Work Experience:
0
Preferred Years of Work Experience:
No additional years of experience
Competencies:
Action Oriented
Collaborates
Communicates Effectively
Customer Focus
Drives Results

Pay Rate: 130,000 - 80,000

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportPosition Purpose:
Protecting what matters most to our associates and consumers by securing our sensitive data and critical assests from current and emerging threats. At The Home Depot, Cybersecurity consists of Architecture, Governance, Identity & Access Management, Internal Threat Operations, Issue and Compliance Management, Risk Assessment/Advisory, Security Consulting, Security Operations, Service Optimization and Strategic Planning.

Major Tasks, Responsibilities & Key Accountabilities:
100% Deliver Execution, Plans & Aligns, Develop Others - Design, review and execute solutions to protect the enterprise; Lead, mentor and provide guidance; Facilitate vulnerability management programs across systems, networking and engineering teams; Develop, test, deply and operationalize security monitoring, assessment and response solutions

Nature and Scope:
This position typically reports to Manager or Sr. Manager

This position has 0 Direct Reports

Environmental Job Requirements:

Environment:
1. Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.

Travel:
No travel required.

Standard Minimum Qualifications:
Must be eighteen years of age or older.
Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.

Education Required:
The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a bachelor's degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job.

Years of Relevant Work Experience:
8 years

Physical Requirements:
Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies:

Action Oriented
Collaborates
Drives Engagement
Communicates Effectively
Customer Focus
Drives Results
Manages Conflict

Pay Rate: $190,000 - $140,000

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show More Position Purpose:
Protecting what matters most to our associates and consumers by securing our sensitive data and critical assets from current and emerging threats. At The Home Depot, Cybersecurity consists of Architecture, Governance, Identity & Access Management, Internal Threat Operations, Issue and Compliance Management, Risk Assessment/Advisory, Security Consulting, Security Operations, Service Optimization and Strategic Planning.

Cybersecurity Engineer II utilizes business knowledge and solid technical experience of security to provide a secure environment for the business.

Major Tasks, Responsibilities & Key Accountabilities:
100% Deliver Execution & Problem Solving - Collaborate with Enterprise Technology to configure and integrate cybersecurity systems that mitigate risk; Troubleshoot and quickly resolve escalated incidents; Design, build, configure, maintain, monitor cybersecurity threat defense capabilities and user access management; Coordinate integration and collaboration with managed security providers; Investigate and recommend corrective actions related to incidents

Nature and Scope:
This position typically reports to Manager or Sr. Manager

This position has 0 Direct Reports

Environmental Job Requirements:

Environment:
1. Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.

Travel:
No travel required.

Standard Minimum Qualifications:
Must be eighteen years of age or older.
Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.

Education Required:
The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a bachelor's degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job.

Years of Relevant Work Experience:
2 years

Physical Requirements:
Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies:

Action Oriented
Collaborates
Communicates Effectively
Customer Focus
Drives Results

Pay Rate: $170,000 - $90,000

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less Position Purpose:
Protecting what matters most to our associates and consumers by securing our sensitive data and critical assets from current and emerging threats. At The home Depot, Cybersecurity consists of Architecture, Governance, Identity & Access Management, Internal Threat Operations, Issue and Compliance Management, Risk Assessment/Advisory, Security Consulting, Security Operations, Service Optimization and Strategic Planning.

Major Tasks, Responsibilities & Key Accountabilities:
100% - Deliver Execution, Plans & Align, Problem Solving - Design automation workflows and capabilities in support of data collection, investigation and incident response Develop threat hunting and data analysis strategy and capabilities Identify and propose new technologies, methodologies and/or approaches to detecting malicious activity Utilize indicators to scope and respond proactively to emerging threats Design, build, configure, maintain and monitor cybersecurity threat defense capabilities and user access management

Nature and Scope:
This Position typically reports to Manager or Sr. Manager

This Position has 0 Direct Reports

Environmental Job Requirements:

Environment:
1. Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.

Travel:
No travel required.

Standard Minimum Qualifications:
Must be eighteen years of age or older.
Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.

Education Required:
The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a high school diploma and/or GED.

Years of Relevant Work Experience:
3 years

Physical Requirements:
Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies:

Action Oriented
Collaborates
Communicates Effectively
Customer Focus
Drives Results

Pay Rate: $180,000 - $120,000

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less POSITION SUMMARY:

The Identity & Access Management Platform Engineer will manage the organizations portfolio of Identity Management applications, workflows, and directories. You will partner with company-wide stakeholders to identify, integrate, deploy, innovate, and support Okta, Active Directory, and other IAM solutions within the organization.

ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES:

·Develop and lead large scale transformational IAM strategy, specifically around HR as Master (Workday) and automation of access, provisioning, and deprovisioning through Okta Workflows.

· Apply expertise and own Privileged Access Management (PAM) and Identity and Access Management to drive overall efficiency, security, and organization within Access Management.

·Ensure all connectors are configured and working appropriately (Active Directory, LDAP, Workday, O365, AzureAD).

·Own Active Directory management, organization, and data integrity.

·Work closely with business units, application teams, infrastructure teams, and vendors to identity, review and evaluate IAM solution requirements.

·Own strategic direction incorporating industry trends and emerging IAM/PAM technologies.

·Develop an IAM roadmap that includes refresh cycles, retrofit plans, budgets and support

·Manage work requests via ServiceNow ticketing system and JIRA

·Create documentation for support processes, standard operating procedures, end-user guides, and best practices

·Provide consultation and work closely with other functional infrastructure areas on multiple initiatives to meet common organizational business goals and objectives.

· Fulfill incoming requests for setup and configuration of SSO Connected Applications and efficient organization of groups.

·Update and create SSO documentation for technical support groups, as needed.

QUALIFICATIONS – EDUCATION, WORK EXPERIENCE, CERTIFICATIONS:

· Bachelor’s Degree or 4 years of experience as well as the following:

o Expert in overall Identify and Access Management technologies, specifically Okta, Okta Workflows, BetterCloud, Microsoft Active Directory/Azure Active Directory, and Workday.

o 4+ years of Identity Provider, Active Directory, authentication/authorization, SSO (SAML 2.0, OAuth 2.0 + OpenID Connect), Linux and LDAP experience.

o Proficient in scripting languages such as PowerShell, Python, GoLang, and Ruby.

o Establish and maintain a close and collaborative working relationship with stakeholders, customers, vendors, and staff.

o Strong organizational and time management skills

o Ability to work under own initiative with limited guidance being required in own area of knowledge

o Able to work with peers on a global scale

o Proficient using Microsoft Office 365, especially Excel and Outlook

o Demonstrated aptitude for continuous learning and innovative thinking

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: From $140,000.00 per year

Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus pay

Work Location: One location

Show Less Position Title
Identity & Access Management Engineer

Location
Work From Home United States

Job Summary
Responsible for creating and maintaining the Identity & Access Management program, architecture and standards for delivering enterprise-wide Identity, Access, Directory and Authentication Services for employees, vendors and members with the capability to support cloud and on premise application services. This person will support the company’s information security policies and ensure that all relevant compliance requirements are met.

Job Responsibilities:
Leads the strategic design, architecture, and implementation of the access management system within IT Security. Patches, upgrades, and proposes solutions for each RSA enhancement to improve all processes for identity and access management.
Leads program design review working directly with customers and business owners on the integration requirements including provisioning, de-provisioning and user lifecycle of key systems and applications into the IAM platform. Manages vendor relationships and internal IT partners to successfully implement and drive the architecture of the identity management solution.
Develops methods for automating access governance processes in alignment with the business unit requirements. Leads the team in maintaining and assessing operational requirements and service issues for improvement opportunities. Collaborates with leaders within security to develop strategic road maps for the Identity Management architecture and program. Research, present, and deploy identity and access management solutions for emerging business needs, such as the cloud (Azure or AWS). Develops enterprise wide standards and policies for identity and access management.
Interfaces with system development teams on high complexity projects to assess implementation impact on the role management processes.
Support the timely gathering of accurate reporting metrics to summarize effectiveness of the access governance function. Responsible for the entire change management process for the access management system. Reviews and approves documentation prior to release to auditors.
Ensures compliance with applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. Completes all required compliance training. Maintains knowledge of and adhere to Flagstar’s internal compliance policies and procedures. Takes responsibility to keep up to date with changing regulations and policies.
Job Requirements:
High School Diploma, GED, or foreign equivalent required.
Bachelor's Degree required.
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Assurance or related field preferred.
5+ years of experience in creating and maintaining identity and access management programs or a combination of 8+ years of a degree and comparable work experience.
1+ year experience working with SOX compliance and understand how control requirements may impact design and audit requirements of in scope systems.
Expert knowledge of Information Security policies, standards, and procedures.
Previous experience developing policies and procedures that support identity and access management
Experience with design and implementation of an identity and access management system is preferred.
Demonstrated understanding of modern identity & access management concepts and best practices required
Demonstrated understanding in formulating strategies, alternatives and recommendations in information security management preferred.
2+ years of SQL or Oracle database experience is preferred.
Strong report writing skills with proven success in writing concise and effective reports communicating issues and recommending courses of action
Ability to communicate with the business to identify requirements or issues and plan for best resolution.
Strong influence skills used in consulting with businesses on design of access program.
Ability to evaluate risk and communicate it in a fact-based manner.
Conceptual, organizational, analytical and problem solving skills required.
High level of attention to detail and accuracy required.
On-call availability to respond to issues or problems arising during non-business hours and provide support and response.
Strong knowledge of residential/commercial mortgage lending, marketing, funding, closing systems and procedures.
For Internal use only: Job Band F
Show Less Position: Identity and Access Management (IAM) Engineer (Full time #532719)
Property / Office: Corporate Office, Atlanta
Location: Atlanta, GA, United States


Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group is the award-winning owner and operator of some of the world’s finest hotels. The Group operates luxury hotels in key leisure and business destinations. In total Mandarin Oriental employs 9,000 colleagues in three continents with thirteen hotels in Asia, eight in The Americas and ten in Europe.

Some of the duties for this position are:

Operational management of technologies, tools and capabilities associated with Identity Lifecycle Management, Privilege Account Management, Enterprise SSO, MFA, Data Loss Prevention, and data classification.
Leads project team that Implements, maintains, and manages an Identity and Access Management (IAM) system for a centralized, role-based user provisioning, and de-provisioning program. This program will encompass an enterprise-wide ID creation, modification, and deletion process, providing Role Based Access Control (RBAC) to various applications, systems, and facilities globally, including, but not be limited to: Active Directory, LDAP; Databases: Oracle, Microsoft SQL; Identity Management Platforms; Microsoft Exchange, Linux/Unix, and multiple vendor SaaS applications.
Collaborate with cross functional teams in all business units and stakeholders to identify, recommend, and test IAM, Privileged Access Management (PAM), Cloud Access Security Broker (CASB) technologies, and processes with experience implementing modern authentication solutions leveraging SAML/OAuth/OIDC.
Supports user access control programs, designed to manage enterprise access rights to systems containing financial data and PCI-DSS regulations and requirements. Manages internal access review projects in partnership our internal controls team to satisfy all requirements to demonstrate full compliance.
Develop, document, implement, and manage an enterprise wide IAM framework, strategy, and roadmap that outlines and defines the tactical, operational, and strategic plans for IAM.
Additional duties as assigned by the Head of Cybersecurity.

If you are the person we are looking for, apply today.

Advertised: 23 Nov 2022 Eastern Standard Time
Applications close:

Show Less 
ReportPower BI Engineer
Position Summary

Seeking an Expert Level Power BI Engineer to provide highly specialized dashboards from multiple applications and interfaces. The Engineer must have strong Power BI knowledge and contributes with networking technologies and is cognizant to all phases of software development with emphasis on the planning, analysis, modeling, simulation, testing, integration, documentation, and presentation phases. Must be strong in SQL and SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).

Location: 100% Remote

Salary Range - $90,000 - $110,000 Annually based on experience

Responsibilities/Skill Sets
Develop, implement, and maintain Power BI data to integrate into Dashboards
Create and maintain data pipelines to automate the processing of large data sets
Partner with other engineering functions within the company to understand the data and interfaces of SQL to BI dashboards
Help design and maintain efficient data collection workflows with other groups within the company
Manage and perform SQL data analysis to identify data quality issues
Propose new technologies that could improve the way data is handled
Manage data security and provide efficient access to engineering teams
Communicate Power BI technical data and approaches to both technical and non-technical audiences
Building and analyzing dashboards and reports
Evaluating and defining metrics and perform exploratory analysis
Monitoring key product metrics and understanding root causes of changes in metrics
Empower and assist operation and product teams through building key data sets and data-based recommendations
Automating analyses and authoring pipelines via SQL/python based ETL framework
Supporting a Data Analytics team
Basic Qualifications
Expert in Power BI Tools, process, and development.
Strong SQL proficiency
BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related discipline.
Must be strong in SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)
3-5 years' experience working with and processing big data
In-depth understanding of database design and structure principles, data management fundamentals, data storage principles and data quality analysis
Demonstrated ability to analyze and synthesize complex data.
Proficiency with scripting languages for automating repetitive tasks.
Experience working with cloud computing services (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, etc.).
Experience with data acquisition hardware and a variety of sensors for different applications include camera, radar, lidar.
Experience with Oracle databases for pulling Analytic Data
Strong communication and collaboration skills.
Experience with the VA is preferred

COVID Policy: In accordance with the Federal Executive Order on Ensuring Adequate COVID Safety Protocols for Federal Contractors, this position requires that you are fully vaccinated at least 2 weeks before your start date. You will be required to provide proof of vaccination before you begin employment.

It is our policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits, and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law.

Show Less Primary Skills Required: Hands-on experience AzureDevops CI/CD Pipelines, AzureDevops Repo Management, Expertise with Terraform and packer.

Build Management

Hands on experience implementing CI / CD automation in Azure Devops Environment

Azure repository Management

Manage the Azure environment and related Web Application Firewalls.

JOB DESCRIPTION

This candidate will collaborate with key business units, developers, and security engineers to shape our Identity and Access Management (IAM) Program's future.

In a DevOps model, this person will be responsible for supporting and developing improvements to all identity-related aspects of IAM Provisioning.

To deliver software and automation solutions that integrate with our identity management systems, the candidate must be familiar with SailPoint IIQ as well as development best practices.

Primary Skills Required: Hands-on experience AzureDevops CI/CD Pipelines, AzureDevops Repo Management, Expertise with Terraform and packer.

Build Management

· Hands on experience implementing CI / CD automation in Azure Devops Environment

Assist with Industry Best practices on Maven and Ant Build Projects
Assist in automating assembly version stamping in Ant/Maven Projects
Knowledge of CI\CD pipelines to a wide variety of virtual environments in private and public cloud providers (Terraform/Ansible/Azure preferable).
Prior experience in automating CI/CD process, platform services
Must have Azure Build Management Experience and troubleshooting Azure builds
Ability to work individually and across teams. Delivery focused - flexibility in accommodating project milestones.

· Communicate status and risks to product teams, assist in automating and streamlining operations and processes

Preferred prior experience in SailPoint IdentityIQ or other IAM automated solutions

Azure repository Management

Manage the Azure environment and related Web Application Firewalls.
Collaborate with internal teams and stakeholders to understand user requirements and implement technical solutions.
Work with the Cloud Operations group to acquire and install new hardware for development and production needs.
Terraform templates and YAML automation scripts for creating infrastructure and deploying application code changes
Developing self-service infrastructure provisioning, delivery pipelines, log and monitoring services using Azure DevOps modules.
Ensure that deployments/rollbacks for all applications can be automated (dashboard) using Azure Release Management tools/deploy, etc.
Assist in setting agents, controller, and infrastructure for automated UI Testing
Hands-on application automation management and scripting in PowerShell as needed
Designing and managing complete application migration pipelines (IaC) Refactor existing solutions in order to make them more reusable and scalable.
Hans-on assisting the development team's bundling and minification of CSS/JS files in various environments.

· Troubleshoot and resolve problems in development, test, and production environments.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $100.00 - $125.00 per hour

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote

Show Less Remote Senior IAM Engineer Overview:

The Senior Identity & Access Management Engineer is assigned to the Information Security Department. This position will be responsible for providing technical leadership, identifying, and defining best practice standards, technical roadmaps, and ensuring operational excellence for the company’s Identity & Access Management (IAM) program. This includes delivering enterprise-wide Identity, Access, and Authentication Services for employees, vendors, and contractors with the capability to support cloud and on-premises application services. This individual will also define, create, and maintain workflow processes required to provision entitlements to end users.

The Senior IAM Engineer will have a deep understanding of the IAM platform usage and consumption, advocate for automation and process efficiency, provide thought/technical leadership, and professional support. This position will collaboratively participate, and/or lead, in all areas of analysis, development, configuration, testing, implementation, and support of various software applications and project related activities.

Remote Senior IAM Engineer Responsibilities:

Serve as technical lead in designing, implementing, and maintaining the organization’s enterprise-level IAM Systems
Collaboratively work with all levels of management and engineering to design and deliver quality IAM solutions and create/maintain the IAM roadmap
Provide technical/thought leadership in technical and architectural reviews and provide guidance for enterprise solutions as it relates to Identity and Access Management
Assess current solutions and implementations, identify gaps, and drive remediation and enhancements
Track, follow up, and provide management and executive reporting on IAM project statuses and IAM platform usage
Work with IAM team members and organizational stakeholders to ensure the timely implementation of designed solutions
Customize and extend IAM products, such as Okta and SailPoint, to meet the business needs
Analyze business needs and propose suitable solutions for Lifecycle Management, Single Sign On, and Multi-factor Authentication capabilities
Design, develop, test, and document IAM workflows/connectors, that manage the provisioning of applications and entitlements to end users
Manage and maintain IAM policies and technology integrating with sources of record, enterprise applications, and other security solutions
Work with the IAM team to ensure standards are being followed for current and future IAM implementations
Mentor and provide guidance to the IAM and Information Security team members
Deliver periodic technical training to internal stakeholders and staff as needed
Provide detailed technical and operational documentation in support of IAM solutions and provide guidance in defining enterprise wide IAM standards
Uphold and enforce IT Security policies and procedures. Investigate and respond to security violations
Raise awareness and contribute to the development of IT Security policies and their corresponding procedures
Troubleshoot technical and business process issues
On-call and after-hours support

Remote Senior IAM Engineer Qualifications / Experience:

Bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent experience/training
Minimum 8+ years of IT experience with at least 5 years of combined experience in Information Security, Identity and Access Management, and/or Systems Administration role
Strong understanding of the concepts and technologies related to SSO (single sign-on) and MFA (multi-factor authentication)
Strong knowledge of technology protocols and services, SAML, OAuth, OIDC, LDAP, Active Directory, XML, SOAP, JSON, REST, SCIM
Experience with identity management provisioning/de-provisioning deployments using AD and other identity sources
Proficiency in one or more of these languages, .NET, PowerShell, Java, Python or Perl
Experience in role-based analysis and designing/implementing RBAC solutions
Experience with software development lifecycle practices, including code reviews, source configuration management, and QA testing
Ability to think strategically and suggest creative solutions
Flexible and able to adapt to changing priorities
Proactive approach and enthusiasm for problem identification and resolution
Familiar with information security regulatory requirements and compliance issues (HIPAA, SOX, PCI)
Demonstrated advanced written and verbal communication skills with both technical resources and executive leadership
Ability to work independently, prioritize, and organize to meet deadlines.
A thorough and detail-oriented work approach
Excellent vendor management skills
Experience with SailPoint and/or Okta preferred
IT and/or Security Certifications preferred but not required

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $85,000.00 - $115,000.00 per year

Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus pay

Application Question(s):

Are you able to work an Eastern Time Zone Schedule on a daily basis?

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Identity & access management: 4 years (Preferred)
SSO and MFA: 2 years (Preferred)
SailPoint: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Show Less Remote Senior IAM Engineer Overview:

The Senior Identity & Access Management Engineer is assigned to the Information Security Department. This position will be responsible for providing technical leadership, identifying, and defining best practice standards, technical roadmaps, and ensuring operational excellence for the company’s Identity & Access Management (IAM) program. This includes delivering enterprise-wide Identity, Access, and Authentication Services for employees, vendors, and contractors with the capability to support cloud and on-premises application services. This individual will also define, create, and maintain workflow processes required to provision entitlements to end users.

The Senior IAM Engineer will have a deep understanding of the IAM platform usage and consumption, advocate for automation and process efficiency, provide thought/technical leadership, and professional support. This position will collaboratively participate, and/or lead, in all areas of analysis, development, configuration, testing, implementation, and support of various software applications and project related activities.

Remote Senior IAM Engineer Responsibilities:

Serve as technical lead in designing, implementing, and maintaining the organization’s enterprise-level IAM Systems
Collaboratively work with all levels of management and engineering to design and deliver quality IAM solutions and create/maintain the IAM roadmap
Provide technical/thought leadership in technical and architectural reviews and provide guidance for enterprise solutions as it relates to Identity and Access Management
Assess current solutions and implementations, identify gaps, and drive remediation and enhancements
Track, follow up, and provide management and executive reporting on IAM project statuses and IAM platform usage
Work with IAM team members and organizational stakeholders to ensure the timely implementation of designed solutions
Customize and extend IAM products, such as Okta and SailPoint, to meet the business needs
Analyze business needs and propose suitable solutions for Lifecycle Management, Single Sign On, and Multi-factor Authentication capabilities
Design, develop, test, and document IAM workflows/connectors, that manage the provisioning of applications and entitlements to end users
Manage and maintain IAM policies and technology integrating with sources of record, enterprise applications, and other security solutions
Work with the IAM team to ensure standards are being followed for current and future IAM implementations
Mentor and provide guidance to the IAM and Information Security team members
Deliver periodic technical training to internal stakeholders and staff as needed
Provide detailed technical and operational documentation in support of IAM solutions and provide guidance in defining enterprise wide IAM standards
Uphold and enforce IT Security policies and procedures. Investigate and respond to security violations
Raise awareness and contribute to the development of IT Security policies and their corresponding procedures
Troubleshoot technical and business process issues
On-call and after-hours support

Remote Senior IAM Engineer Qualifications / Experience:

Bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent experience/training
Minimum 8+ years of IT experience with at least 5 years of combined experience in Information Security, Identity and Access Management, and/or Systems Administration role
Strong understanding of the concepts and technologies related to SSO (single sign-on) and MFA (multi-factor authentication)
Strong knowledge of technology protocols and services, SAML, OAuth, OIDC, LDAP, Active Directory, XML, SOAP, JSON, REST, SCIM
Experience with identity management provisioning/de-provisioning deployments using AD and other identity sources
Proficiency in one or more of these languages, .NET, PowerShell, Java, Python or Perl
Experience in role-based analysis and designing/implementing RBAC solutions
Experience with software development lifecycle practices, including code reviews, source configuration management, and QA testing
Ability to think strategically and suggest creative solutions
Flexible and able to adapt to changing priorities
Proactive approach and enthusiasm for problem identification and resolution
Familiar with information security regulatory requirements and compliance issues (HIPAA, SOX, PCI)
Demonstrated advanced written and verbal communication skills with both technical resources and executive leadership
Ability to work independently, prioritize, and organize to meet deadlines.
A thorough and detail-oriented work approach
Excellent vendor management skills
Experience with SailPoint and/or Okta preferred
IT and/or Security Certifications preferred but not required

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $85,000.00 - $115,000.00 per year

Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus pay

Application Question(s):

Are you able to work an Eastern Time Zone Schedule on a daily basis?

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Identity & access management: 4 years (Required)
SSO and MFA: 2 years (Required)
SailPoint: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Show Less 
ReportRequisition ID: R10074941
Category: Engineering
Location: Redondo Beach, California, United States of America
Citizenship Required: United States Citizenship
Clearance Type: SCI
Telecommute: No- Teleworking not available for this position
Shift: 1st Shift (United States of America)
Travel Required: Yes, 10% of the Time
Positions Available: 1



At Northrop Grumman, our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems that impact people's lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation's history - from the first flight across the Atlantic Ocean, to stealth bombers, to landing on the moon. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future, and have fun along the way. Our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity, cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work — and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible. Our employees are not only part of history, they're making history.


The Payload and Ground Systems organization within the Northrop Grumman Space Systems pushes the boundaries of innovation, redefines engineering capabilities, and drives advances in various sciences. Our team is chartered with providing the skills, innovative technologies to develop, design, produce and sustain optimized product lines across the sector while providing a decisive advantage to the warfighter. Come be a part of our mission!

We offer phenomenal learning opportunities, exposure to a wide variety of projects and customers, and a very friendly collaborative workplace. We are looking for self-motivated, proactive, and goal-oriented people to help us grow our services and become even better at what we do. Does this sound like you?

Our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) provide benefits for the member, our leaders and the company. Our ERGs offer opportunities to be a friend, be active, be a volunteer, be a leader, to be recognized and to be yourself! Every ERG is inclusive of all employees!

Our diverse portfolio of programs means there are endless paths to cultivate your career. We are well-known for our inclusive environment, as well as our excellent work/life balance. We also offer exceptional benefits/healthcare, a 9/80 schedule, and a great 401K matching program.

The Consolidated Operations and Anomaly Support Team (COAST) is a restricted Operations and Maintenance (O&M) program with several Integrated Project Teams (IPTs). The Software Engineering IPT focuses on the sustainment of several mission operational product lines, as well as the development of new capabilities as coordinated with the Customer.




The Software Engineering IPT is a large team comprising multiple subsystems, each with a specialized software focus. We are looking for an energetic and passionate software engineer to join our team as we work to provide innovative solutions to complex issues in support of our Customer’s national security mission.

The position offers domestic and international travel opportunities.

Basic Qualifications for the Associate Software Engineer:

Active Top Secret clearance with the ability to obtain SCI access prior to start date
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field or 4 years of experience in lieu of a degree
Basic Object-Oriented programming skills
Knowledge of Red Hat Enterprise Linux operating system
Familiarity with C/C++ programming

Preferred Qualifications for the Associate Software Engineer:

Strong in math and algorithms
Familiarity with scripting languages such as Perl or Python
Familiarity with network protocols
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to interface with all levels of employees, management, and stakeholders
Previous participation on an Agile scrum team or familiarity with the Agile process
Familiarity with the Atlassian Tool Suite (Confluence, Jira, Bitbucket, Bamboo)
Experience developing in a Linux environment using git
Demonstrated problem solving and decision making skills
Active TS/SCI security clearance

Basic Qualifications for the Software Engineer:

Active Top Secret clearance with the ability to obtain SCI access prior to start date
A master’s degree in computer science (or a related field) and 0 years of experience or a bachelor’s degree in computer science (or a related field) and 2 years of experience; an additional 4 years of experience is acceptable in lieu of a degree
Proficient with Object-Oriented programming
Knowledge of Red Hat Enterprise Linux operating system
Proficient with C/C++ programming

Preferred Qualifications for the Software Engineer:

Strong in math and algorithms
Experience with scripting languages such as Perl or Python
Knowledge of network protocols
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to interface with all levels of employees, management, and stakeholders
Previous participation on an Agile scrum team or familiarity with the Agile process
Familiarity with the Atlassian Tool Suite (Confluence, Jira, Bitbucket, Bamboo)
Experience developing in a Linux environment using git
Demonstrated problem solving and decision making skills
Active TS/SCI security clearance




Salary Range: $68,100 USD - $102,100 USD
Salary Range 2: $82,400 USD - $123,600 USD



Employees may be eligible for a discretionary bonus in addition to base pay. Annual bonuses are designed to reward individual contributions as well as allow employees to share in company results. Employees in Vice President or Director positions may be eligible for Long Term Incentives. In addition, Northrop Grumman provides a variety of benefits including health insurance coverage, life and disability insurance, savings plan, Company paid holidays and paid time off (PTO) for vacation and/or personal business.




The health and safety of our employees and their families is a top priority. The company encourages employees to remain up-to-date on their COVID-19 vaccinations. U.S. Northrop Grumman employees may be required, in the future, to be vaccinated or have an approved disability/medical or religious accommodation, pursuant to future court decisions and/or government action on the currently stayed federal contractor vaccine mandate under Executive Order 14042 https://www.saferfederalworkforce.gov/contractors/.

Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit http://www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportRequisition ID: R10076961
Category: Engineering
Location: Woodland Hills, California, United States of America
Citizenship Required: United States Citizenship
Clearance Type: Secret
Telecommute: No- Teleworking not available for this position
Shift: 1st Shift (United States of America)
Travel Required: Yes, 10% of the Time
Positions Available: 1



At Northrop Grumman, our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems that impact people's lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation's history - from the first flight across the Atlantic Ocean, to stealth bombers, to landing on the moon. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future, and have fun along the way. Our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity, cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work — and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible. Our employees are not only part of history, they're making history.


Northrop Grumman Mission Systems is a trusted provider of mission-enabling solutions for global security. Our Engineering and Sciences (E&S) organization pushes the boundaries of innovation, redefines engineering capabilities, and drives advances in various sciences. Our team is chartered with providing the skills, innovative technologies to develop, design, produce and sustain optimized product lines across the sector while providing a decisive advantage to the warfighter. Come be a part of our mission!

We are looking for you to join our team as an HPC Linux Engineer based out of Woodland Hills, CA. As an HPC Linux Engineer at Northrop Grumman you will have a challenging and rewarding opportunity to be a part of our Enterprise-wide digital transformation. Through the use of Model-based Engineering, DevSecOps and Agile practices we continue to evolve how we deliver critical national defense products and capabilities for the warfighter. Our success is grounded in our ability to embrace change, move quickly and continuously drive innovation. The successful candidate will be collaborative, open, transparent, and team-oriented with a focus on team empowerment & shared responsibility, flexibility, continuous learning, and a culture of automation.

What You’ll get to Do:

Northrop Grumman is one of the industry leaders in Advanced Computing. As such, we are involved in all phases of development, production, and maintenance of High Performing Computers/Labs. We are currently looking for experienced HPC Linux staff to work on a variety of challenging issues. One area where we are in the need of talent is in HPC Linux Software Engineering.

As a HPC Linux Software Engineer, you will perform tasks that include:

Perform system administration tasks
Manage HPC system life cycle: concept, design, fabrication, test, installation, operation, maintenance, and disposal
Perform HPC technical planning, system integration, verification and validation, cost and risk evaluation, and supportability and effectiveness analyses
Monitor and report HPC system health/metrics. Identify performance bottlenecks. Modify system wide parameters to improve performance. Evaluate effects of those changes. Gather data and report finding to senior HPC engineers
Assist software developers to install, fine-tune, and debug software
Manage/Assist technical users running analysis on HPC systems
Collaborate with Security and follow its guideline to design and implement cybersecurity solutions

NGFeaturedJobs

Basic Qualifications:

14 years of experience with a Bachelors degree; 12 years of experience with Masters; 0 Years with a PhD; an additional 9 years of experience can be considered in lieu of a degree
Working experience with C, C++, and Python programming languages
Must have the ability to obtain and maintain DoD 8570 (Security+) certification
Active DoD Secret clearance with the ability to obtain TS Clearance as condition of continued employment
Ability to be cleared to special access programs
Experience with RedHat Enterprise Linux OS

Preferred Qualifications:

Master of Science degree in Computer engineering, computer science, or system engineering discipline from an accredited college or university.
Good written and verbal communication, mentoring experience, and good interpersonal skills.
Prior experience working with clusters or supercomputers.
Hands-on experience HPC hardware diagnostic and repair
Experience with Software compilation process (compilers, GNU Make, CMake…etc)
Familiar with cybersecurity requirements and methodologies.
Working knowledge of JSIG and STIG.
Experience with various MPI implementations, IntelMPI, OpenMPI, MPICH
Experience with InfiniBand and the InfiniBand protocol
Experience with Nvidia CUDA libraries and GPUs
Experience with job schedulers, such as Slurm or PBS
Experience with global and parallel files systems, such as Lustre
Familiarity with HPC cluster management solutions, such as Bright or OpenHPC





Salary Range: $156,000 USD - $234,000 USD



Employees may be eligible for a discretionary bonus in addition to base pay. Annual bonuses are designed to reward individual contributions as well as allow employees to share in company results. Employees in Vice President or Director positions may be eligible for Long Term Incentives. In addition, Northrop Grumman provides a variety of benefits including health insurance coverage, life and disability insurance, savings plan, Company paid holidays and paid time off (PTO) for vacation and/or personal business.




The health and safety of our employees and their families is a top priority. The company encourages employees to remain up-to-date on their COVID-19 vaccinations. U.S. Northrop Grumman employees may be required, in the future, to be vaccinated or have an approved disability/medical or religious accommodation, pursuant to future court decisions and/or government action on the currently stayed federal contractor vaccine mandate under Executive Order 14042 https://www.saferfederalworkforce.gov/contractors/.

Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit http://www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportRequisition ID: R10080534
Category: Engineering
Location: Redondo Beach, California, United States of America
Citizenship Required: United States Citizenship
Clearance Type: Secret
Telecommute: No- Teleworking not available for this position
Shift: 1st Shift (United States of America)
Travel Required: Yes, 10% of the Time
Positions Available: 1



At Northrop Grumman, our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems that impact people's lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation's history - from the first flight across the Atlantic Ocean, to stealth bombers, to landing on the moon. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future, and have fun along the way. Our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity, cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work — and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible. Our employees are not only part of history, they're making history.


The ideal candidate will possess a strong background in the design of air vehicles with practical experience in the development of new vehicle concepts, including experience/knowledge relating to conceptual vehicle layout/design, air vehicle integration, parametric modeling for Multi-Disciplinary Optimization, and surface design / loft. To be successful, the selected individual must also have a solid grasp of basics concepts within the fields of aerodynamics, aircraft performance and sizing, propulsion, CFD, structural design, and mass properties analysis. In addition, the selected individual will possess senior level knowledge of the air vehicle maturation process (from concept design through flight test) and embrace knowledge transfer by working with junior engineers to mature their technical skills.

Essential Functions:

Lead Configuration Design and Integration teams through the development and design of multiple advanced air vehicles concepts while supporting his/her own statement of work in parallel.
Develop parametric CAD models in support of conceptual vehicle sizing studies for advanced Unmanned Air Vehicles
Lead vehicle design trade study tasks in conjunction with multiple team members working to solve complex vehicle design challenges.
Participate in knowledge transfer and training for junior teammates

The selected candidate should thrive in a fast-paced work environment with high expectations, significantly diverse assignments, collaborative/team settings across all levels.

Basic Qualifications for a Staff Engineer:

Bachelor’s Degree in a STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics) discipline from an accredited university and 14 years of STEM related engineering experience, or a Master's Degree in a STEM discipline and 12 years of experience or STEM PhD with 9 years of experience.
10 years of experience supporting the design and modeling of advanced air vehicle concepts
Demonstrated proficiency with an industry standard design tool such as Siemens NX, CATIA V5, or ProE CAD.
Demonstrated proficiency in MS Office with good technical writing skills and the ability to communicate and present technical material to various stakeholders.
A current active in-scope DoD Secret security clearance or higher, with the ability to obtain Special Program Access (SAP).

Preferred Qualifications:

Bachelor's or Master’s Degree in Aeronautical or Aerospace Engineering preferred.
12 years of experience in Configuration Design of advanced air vehicles, including Low Observable aircraft.
Conceptual vehicle design experience across subsonic, supersonic, and hypersonic flight regimes
Knowledge relating to design principles used on Low Observable vehicles
Excellent communication, interpersonal skills, and the ability to interface with all levels of employees and management.




Salary Range: $156,000 USD - $234,000 USD



Employees may be eligible for a discretionary bonus in addition to base pay. Annual bonuses are designed to reward individual contributions as well as allow employees to share in company results. Employees in Vice President or Director positions may be eligible for Long Term Incentives. In addition, Northrop Grumman provides a variety of benefits including health insurance coverage, life and disability insurance, savings plan, Company paid holidays and paid time off (PTO) for vacation and/or personal business.




The health and safety of our employees and their families is a top priority. The company encourages employees to remain up-to-date on their COVID-19 vaccinations. U.S. Northrop Grumman employees may be required, in the future, to be vaccinated or have an approved disability/medical or religious accommodation, pursuant to future court decisions and/or government action on the currently stayed federal contractor vaccine mandate under Executive Order 14042 https://www.saferfederalworkforce.gov/contractors/.

Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit http://www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportResponsibilities

As a key member of our Identity & Messaging Services (IMS) team, you will be responsible for recommending, designing, developing, implementing, and documenting standard operating procedures. You will be responsible for helping to grow and mentor UCLA Health IT as it relates to Identity and Access Management (IAM), Identity Governance and Administration (IGA), and Privileged Access Management (PAM) technologies. You will be working closely with customers and stakeholders to gather requirements needed for business application integrations with UCLA Health’s Identity and Messaging solutions.


Building new Identity solutions and providing transition support to operations
Monitoring identity and access standards, procedures, and best practices
Promoting Identity awareness and compliance standards throughout UCLA Health Sciences
Encompassing both the Identity and Access Management (IAM) and Identity Governance and Administration (IGA) disciplines
Managing Vendor Access and Privileged Access Management solutions

This is a hybrid remote role which will require being on-site 10% time, including participation in on-call rotation for support of critical applications.
Qualifications

Required Experience & Skills:

Bachelor’s degree in a computer-, IS-, or IT-related field or equivalent, relevant work experience
Strong experience administering, scaling, and troubleshooting cloud based identity providers such as Okta, Azure AD, etc.
Strong experience scaling and integrating directories such as LDAP, AD, Azure AD, Okta UD, etc.
Strong experience with modern authentication solutions such as SAML, OIDC, OAuth2, WS-Fed, etc.
Experience with implementing and supporting enterprise IGA & PAM products and security solutions
Experience with scripting for data analysis, automation, and reporting
Experience with Identity-related implementation processes and documentation
Experience with and understanding of RESTful web services and API frameworks
Knowledge of Identity and account lifecycle management concepts and best practices such as joiner/mover/leaver
Strong problem solving skills with the ability to adapt and overcome blockers

- Strong attention to detail and both a security- and risk-focused approach to solving problems

Strong interpersonal and communication skills (verbal and written) with the ability to convey complex concepts and terms in a relatable way
Ability to drive concurrent projects and initiatives while managing operational escalations with little to no direction
Empathetic and humble with a customer-focused demeanor

Preferred Experience & Skills:

Experience with healthcare, higher education, government, and financial institution identity structures, concatenation, and canonicalization
Understanding of industry landscape and trends within IAM, IGA, and PAM solutions such as Gartner Magic Quadrant and Forrester Wave

- Familiarity with Epic, Infor Lawson, Forte OnCore, and other healthcare- and research-focused applications

Comfortable working in environments with constantly changing and shifting priorities
Passion for seeking out strategic methods of automating and streamlining business functions

UCLA is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportRESPONSIBILITIES:
Kforce has a client in Columbus, OH that is seeking an IAM Support Engineer. This role will focus on the delivery and support of single sign-on (SSO) services.

Summary:
The IAM Support Engineer will largely be responsible for working with enterprise applications to facilitate their adoption of SSO. This will involve application of basic/foundational SSO patterns used to secure simple, low-complexity applications. It involves working with business areas to solicit requirements and implement SSO patterns and configurations within company's standard SSO platforms (Ping and Azure). Additional operational responsibilities supporting existing SSO configurations may also be assigned.

REQUIREMENTS:

Degree in MIS/CIS and/or a focus on Information Technology Security
0-3 years of experience
Passion/interest in IT Security and, specifically, Identity & Access Management
Experience with Single Sign-On and Federation (SAML, OpenID Connect, OAuth, etc.)
Experience with Active Directory, Azure Active Directory, and LDAP
Agile and Dev/Ops practices
Basic experience troubleshooting of all levels of the technology stack
Self-starter, and ability to learn/adapt in a fast pace environment
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Command line experience preferred
Scripting experience a plus (Linux Shell Scripting, Powershell)
Development experience a plus (Java, Python, JSON, etc.)
Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less SailPoint Identity and Access Management Engineer

Job Category: Information Technology

Time Type: Full time

Minimum Clearance Required to Start: None

Employee Type: Regular

Percentage of Travel Required: None

Type of Travel: None

Job Reponsibilities:

As the SailPoint Identify and Access Management engineer you will provide technical leadership to enterprise scale projects and solutions, designing next generation IAM services. In this role you will define, develop, and implement an IAM strategy that reduces risk and provides resiliency, while accelerating business initiatives. Working collaboratively with Active Directory, Network and Security Architects, you will coordinate with vendors to evaluate, test and deploy new technology solutions.

More About the Role Fill in this section: (This section should outline the primary responsibilities of the position.)

Engineer and build a secure and robust enterprise identify and access management solution
Responsible for installing, customizing, configuration and supporting SailPoint Identity and Access Management tool and processes. This includes automated provisioning/deprovisioning to downstream applications.
Facilitate and support IAM integration to business applications and third parties, including Single Sign On enablement and management
Collaborate with customer to define organization constructs/naming conventions and user access roles
Engage with, and advise stakeholders within the business on Identity and Access Management best practices
Define, improve and support Active Directory, Azure Active Directory and Privileged Access Management within the organization
Identify areas for delivery automated solutions (e.g. onboarding/offboarding) and maturation of existing processes by leveraging scripting

Required Qualifications:

Ability to attain DHS EOD
BA + 10 years’ applicable experience, AA + 12 years’ applicable experience, MA + 3 years applicable experience or 16 years’ experience
Experience and knowledge in building out SailPoint IDAM solutions
Experience in the Identity space with a background in Active Directory or similar LDAP stores
Expert knowledge of authentication with SAML, OAuth, OpenID and Kerberos
Strong knowledge in providing Federated Identity with solutions such as PING Federate or ADFS
Prior experience in providing RBAC solutions for clouds solutions (e.g. Azure)
Strong scripting and automation abilities including JavaScript, XML, BeanShell, PowerShell and/or Python
Working knowledge of Azure Active Directory Connect synchronization software
Experience creating technical architecture documentation
Strong communication and written skills
Experience creating technical architecture documentation
Strong communication and written skills

Company Overview: At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.

As a federal contractor, CACI is subject to any federal vaccine mandates or other customer vaccination requirements. All new hires are required to report their vaccination status.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less Secure AI Labs is a Boston-based start-up utilizing proprietary technology to disrupt how healthcare research is conducted.


Secure AI Labs is a rapidly growing, global AI software company with a healthcare focus, filled with curious and passionate people hoping to make a difference to the health of millions globally. Our proprietary federated analytics technology enables unprecedented security for researchers, patient advocacy groups and hospitals, allowing data partners to maintain full control over their information while building diverse clinical datasets from disparate sources.
Our company was founded by researchers and professors from MIT and is headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts. This role can be a fully remote position.
Secure AI Labs is hiring for a Vice President of Engineering to join and oversee our growing engineering team. The VP of Engineering is part of the company’s Executive Management Team and will report directly to the CEO. They will work closely with the Product, Operations, and Customer Success teams to deliver the company’s next generation patient registry product. The person in the VP of Engineering role will directly and indirectly oversee the entire engineering team. Initially, they will manage the company’s team of 6 software engineers & data scientists, while actively working with the Recruiting team to grow the Engineering team to approximately 20 engineers, including data scientists, in the next 12 months.
Roles and Responsibilities


Work closely and collaboratively with teams across the company to drive cohesive work on the company’s digital health product offerings
Manage the engineering team’s execution of software development deliverables through daily stand-ups, sprint strategy, and collaboration with the Scrum Master
Contribute meaningfully to Executive Management Team’s discussions surrounding company strategy, product development, and employee management and growth
Collaborate with the Recruiting team to identify hiring needs on the engineering team, create job descriptions and interview applicants for open roles

Required Experience


10+ years of experience in software engineering
5+ years of management experience, with some experience managing partially remote teams
Demonstrated expertise in implementing and optimizing software development processes for output and collaboration
Track record of sourcing and hiring top engineering talent
Strong ability to communicate technically complex material to audience with differing levels of technical knowledge, including customers
Experience in Agile and Scrum process
Experience implementing SaaS solutions
Working knowledge of data science tools and workflows

Preferred Experience


Experience building Digital Health products
Experience building high-scale computation systems
Experience building data dashboards or other analytical systems
Experience building mobile applications

Security Responsibilities
Job applicants and employees should understand the following:


Applicants and employees must implement and act in accordance with Secure AI Labs’ information security policies and processes;
Applicants and employees must execute particular job-related security processes or activities defined;
Applicants and employees are responsible for individual actions and maintaining a secure working environment.

All employees have certain basic responsibilities for the protection of resources:


Ensuring that all assets are protected from unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, destruction, or interference;
Ensuring that all devices connected to Company or client information comply with the Mobile Device policy;
Engaging in appropriate use of electronic information resources under Secure AI Labs’ policies and the law;
Promptly reporting security-related incidents and violations and responding to official reports of security incidents involving their systems or accounts.

Please note that all employees are subject to and must clear a background check prior to the completion of the hiring process.


Benefits
Remote work environment for all employees
Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance
Free membership to OneMedical (USA)
Flexible spending accounts for Healthcare (USA)
Unlimited paid time off
Remote work options for all employees
Wellness stipend for employees
Equity grants for all full-time employees
Limited tuition reimbursement for continued learning
Fun, flexible, and collaborative environment with great coworkers
Company activities, like social meetups, lunch and learns, and more!


Salary Range
$175,000 + bonus + equity


Do you feel enthusiastic about joining an early-stage startup trying to revolutionize medical research? Are you energized by the opportunity to work in a collaborative culture with the opportunity for growth? If you want your work to have a huge impact, apply for this role now.
Secure AI Labs (SAIL) is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or any other legally protected status.


Employee Benefits + Perks
As a Secure AI Labs employee, you receive great benefits along with a supportive and collaborative work environment. Taking care of our employees is key to our company’s success, so on top of medical, vision, and dental insurance, we provide short term and long term disability coverage, paid family leave, and life insurance, as well as additional benefits and perks.


Benefits
We strive to ensure our employees
are happy and healthy.
Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance
Flexible spending accounts for Healthcare
Unlimited paid time off
Equity grants for all full-time employees


Perks
Remote work options are
just the tip of the iceberg.
Limited tuition reimbursement for continued learning
Free membership to OneMedical
In-person all-team meetings multiple times a year
Free membership to HealthAdvocate
Company-sponsored team events


Job Type: Full-time


Show Less Security Engineer - Identity & Access Management 14139 (H)

A leading tech company is seeking a Security Engineer - Identity & Access Management (IAM). The successful candidate will be responsible for evaluating the privileged accounts and assisting customers with applying security controls but not limited to password issues, access issues and providing information regarding use of CyberArk and Remediant solutions. The ideal candidate should be comfortable working alone or across multiple teams and exhibit attention to detail and critical thinking skills. The company offers a great work environment!

Security Engineer - Identity & Access Management Pay and Benefits:

Hourly pay: $60/hr
Worksite: Leading technology and data solutions company (Remote)
W2 Employment, Group Medical, Dental, Vision, Life
40 hours/week, 3 Month Assignment

Security Engineer - Identity & Access Management Responsibilities:

Evaluate the AD, windows admin accounts in cloud (e.g. Azure, AWS, GCP) and on Prem AD environment.
Define use cases and identify appropriate solutions to handle the use cases.
Identify the risks and/or gaps.
Identify and suggest possible improvements.
Perform other duties or projects as required or assigned.
Integrate Privileged Interactive Accounts with the CyberArk.
Build dashboard reports using the CyberArk data.
Knowledge of Radiant logic.
Integrate Privileged Service/Functional accounts with CyberArk or Remediant SecureONE per use case.
Responsible for tools, operational activities and the patching.
Has worked on CyberArk upgrades/migration from 10x->12.x.
Knowledge of Identify and Governance systems is preferred.
Must have worked with CyberArk PSM, APP to App Integrations including the Web Services.
Complete remote troubleshooting through diagnostic techniques.
Discover the best solution based on the issue and details provided by customers.

Security Engineer - Identity & Access Management Qualifications:

8+ years relevant experience is required.
Understanding of Privileged Access Management concepts.
Must have experience in PAM solutions like CyberArk and Remediant.
Knowledge of Virtual Directory like Radiant Logic is a plus.
Experience in IDM System like SailPoint is a plus.
Experience administering Windows/Linux platforms.
Experience with Privileged Access Workstations.
Basic scripting skills (JAVA, PowerShell, Python etc.)
Basic knowledge of Networking concepts (TCP/IP, Firewalls)
Experience with API’s is a plus.
Engineering, Computer Science.
Experience with modern development tools: Git, JIRA, etc.

This is a remote position.
Show Less 
ReportSeeking a Customer Identity Access Management (IAM) Engineer (Dallas or Detroit Metro or remote) for a direct hire opportunity.

The Customer Identity and Access Management Engineer is responsible for design, develop and deploy comprehensive solutions based on business needs. This role functions as a forward thinking engineer and administrator who can solve complex day to day IT problems. This person needs to work collaboratively with other IAM Teams and Cross domain Teams. The ideal candidate needs to have strong background on Single Sign On integrations with OKTA IDP, and strong understanding of managing user identities and user access to system resources based on Customer IAM best practices, also needs to have background on Fraud detection and preventions techniques. Should be able to adapt new IAM tools and application development frameworks. Customer Identity and Access Managements team operates on Devops and automation tools.

Position Responsibilities:
Design & Methodology

Work closely with business units, application teams, infrastructure areas and vendors to identity, review and evaluate the solution requirements.
Investigate and propose strategic fits for virtualization, consolidation and rationalization solution opportunities within the infrastructure or business. Propose changes to the technical design solutions as applicable.
Evaluate and align strategic fit solutions across platforms and solutions specific to system hardware and software technologies.
Understand, participate, review and influence long term capacity planning and technology investments.

Technical Consulting

Provide client consulting and planning guidance as applicable for moderate to complex projects
Provide consultation and works closely with other functional infrastructure areas/departments on multiple initiatives to meet common organizational/business goals and objectives.
Participate in and provides consulting to project teams on architectural, design development, integration opportunities, planning of complex systems.

Planning & Organizing

Map requirements into standard services solution, identity opportunities for integrating to existing or reuse technology and provide cost effective solutions for moderate to large highly complex project/programs/initiatives.
Review, identify and manage requirements for moderate to complex solutions and do a cost value, feasibility and risk analysis.

Risk Management

Review, participate, develop and update architectural standards, guiding principles, rationales and strategies.
Evaluate, review and approve highly complex design solutions for business and Infrastructure project or programs or initiatives.

Administration

Keep management informed of status of on activities through accurate, timely, and appropriate reporting.
Actively participate in committees representing the department and/or planning unit.

Position Qualifications:
Bachelor degree in computer science, engineering or in a technology related field, OR equivalent through a combination of education and/or technology experience, OR 5+ years of technology experience
3 years of Technology Experience
3 years in identifying technical solutions for complex business problems, identifying the benefits and risks of the solutions and providing recommendations
3 Years of experience in application development using Java, Spring Boot Framework
2+ Years of experience in Restful web services
1 years of experience in Automation tools like Terraform, Ansible, Docker
1 years of experience in OKTA or any Identity and Access Management products
1 years of experience with Saml2, OIDC and Oauth2.0 authentication/authorization protocols
This position is not eligible for sponsorship. Must have indefinite employment authorization.



Equal Employment Opportunity

MATRIX is committed to providing a work environment that values diversity, equity, inclusion and respect. We do not discriminate based upon race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status (including registered domestic partnership status), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), gender (including gender identity and expression), age (40 and over), sexual orientation, military and veteran status and/or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.
MATRIX is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. Supporting medical or religious documentation will be required where applicable. If you are a qualified individual with a disability, you may request a reasonable accommodation under the American Disability Act (ADA) by emailing MATRIX_HR@MatrixRes.com. To ensure a quick response to your request, please use the words “Accommodation request” as the subject line of your email.

For hourly W2 contract roles MATRIX offers a highly competitive benefit package including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Disability, HSA, and 401(k) with pre and post-tax options. Please see MatrixRes.com/Benefits for more information.
For direct hire placement with our clients, benefits will be offered in accordance with that particular client’s offerings. This may include PTO, Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K and other pre and post-tax options.
Show Less Software Development Engineer
If you are a Software Development Engineer with experience, please read on!

We are a leading cloud-based SaaS Property Management System in the US with over 1,800+ hotels using our property and reservation management system, channel manager, and booking engine. We are focused on bringing additional tools and functionality that will allow our customers to continue to save time and increase revenue. We are looking for an experienced Software Development Engineer to join our growing team!
What You Will Be Doing
You will report directly into the CTO and be responsible for building and coding software solutions for our clients
You will tackle problems and develop simple and straight-forward solutions to solve them
Have a deep knowledge of the system and drive solutions to problems faced by the team
Create and maintain testing infrastructure to drive project resiliency, and enhance the infrastructure as it relates to operations
Consult with customers and other departments on project status, proposals, or technical issues, such as software system design or maintenance
Stay on the forefront of technology and conduct code reviews
Strong debugging experience and ability to maintain and enhance software architecture
Lead by the motto: Customers First, Be Passionate, and Deliver Results!
What You Need for this Position
Java
JavaScript
TypeScript
React
HTML
CSS
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Docker
MySQL
Linux
IntelliJ
WebStorm
Git
What's In It for You
Remote working environment
- Company Health Insurance Plan - we cover 50% of the employee's premium

Dental, Vision, Short Term Disability, and Life Insurance available at a group rate
Competitive Paid Time Off including Personal Time Off, Sick Leave, Bereavement, Voting, and Parental Leave
7 Paid Holidays: New Year's Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day and the following Friday, Christmas Day
Access to 401k Company Plan

Computer and associated essential tech equipment for your home office
So, if you are a Software Development Engineer with experience, please apply today!
Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact McKenna Johnson

Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.


CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
Show Less 
ReportSr. Identity and Access Management (IAM) Engineer

What will your day look like?

You will be responsible for contributing to the planning, evaluation, architecture and support of the Identity and Access Management (IAM) solution and its associated processes. The incumbent will serve as the Technical Product Owner for the IAM and provide subject matter expertise in a variety of technical and non-technical settings. The Senior IAM Engineer will also be responsible for identifying, evaluating and participating in decision making around new and emerging IAM technologies and should be able to support other areas of Information Security as needed. Resources to do the job require extensive IAM knowledge. General direction is received from the Director/Manager, Identity and Access Management.

Do you see yourself doing this?

Key contributor to the strategy, design, and management of the enterprise IAM program.
Establish strategy, architecture, designs and drive the execution of IAM technologies
Identify the tools and techniques to translate needs and future goals into a plan that will enable secure and effective solutions
Develop and execute overall project plan and timelines for key deliverables. Define access control, user entitlements, and user access policy management
Translate high level requirements into detailed technical designs, and lead design sessions
Build a strong IAM foundation. Design IAM processes to enforce least privilege in a transparent way and identify opportunities for improvements
Work across functions to improve IAM solutions to enhance compliance requirements and best practices
Develop documentation to support ongoing IAM solution operations, maintenance and specific problem resolution
Apply expertise in the installation and configuration of the IAM platform, including conducting routine solution maintenance, monitoring the health of the platform, and conducting daily proactive monitoring
Proactively identify and resolve challenges and issues that may impair the team’s ability to meet strategic, business, and technical goals
Establish session isolation and controls for privileged identities including Identity Access Workstations
Work closely with technology and business stakeholders across organization

What makes you a great fit?

You’ll be a great fit if in addition to the completion of a High School Degree or equivalent required; Bachelor’s Degree preferred or years of equivalent work experience required, and you have:

8+ years’ experience designing, implementing and managing Identity Access Management (IAM) solutions, such as CyberArk and Thycotic
Extensive experience with IAM administration, configuration, implementation and design
Deep understanding of Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity configurations. Ability to design concepts of technical product components, such as vaults, safes, session managers, key managers, credential providers
Experience with identity access controls in Unix, Windows, Linux and Oracle platforms
Proficient with scripting in JavaScript, Python, PowerShell and / or one or more additional scripting languages
Experience in performing Identity Access Reviews, Compliance Reporting, Access Control Processes and other associated tasks with Identity User Management
Experience with broader IAM ecosystem of directories, identity management, and access management controls
A high level of technical ability for diagnosis, troubleshooting and problem analysis with the ability to clearly communicate the results of problem analysis to business stakeholders
Skilled in Active Directory concepts, including users, computers, groups, policies
Understanding of Role Based Access Control, SOD and Access Certification
Experience with Linux and Windows Operating Systems
Solid understanding of database architecture and concepts
Knowledge of agile processes and workflows
Knowledge of SailPoint IdentityIQ (Compliance Manager, Lifecycle Manager, Password Manager, ServiceNow Integration Modules. IAM Integration Module)
Experience with Access Management Products (Okta/Ping/ForgeRock etc.). Understanding of protocols, services, and traffic flows for authentication
Experience with Cloud technologies (Google Cloud Platform, Azure or AWS)
Understanding of cloud computing architecture, technical design and implementations, including Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) delivery models
Ability and willingness to develop creative solutions to business problems and work well within a team environment
Must have good communication and collaboration skills
Solid diagnostic, testing, and problem-solving skills
Good organizational and time management skills
Must be team-oriented and able to collaborate across many participating teams
Cybersecurity certifications such as CISA, CISSP (optional)

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $100,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year

Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Compensation package:

Bonus pay

Experience level:

8 years

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Chicago, IL 60666: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)

Experience:

Active Directory: 8 years (Preferred)
Scripting Languages: 8 years (Preferred)
Cloud Technologies: 8 years (Preferred)
Implementing IAM: 8 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Hybrid remote in Chicago, IL 60666

Apply Now: click Easy Apply

Show Less 
ReportStrong knowledge and understanding of the role of Identity and Access Management and related controls in an enterprise environment.
Experience in SailPoint IdentityIQ, or other equivalent IAM technologies.
Experience in Java, Python, PHP, or other similar programming and scripting languages.
Knowledge in infrastructure technologies such as Linux, Windows, Active Directory, and LDAP.
Knowledge of API application integrations and development.
Effective communication skills enabling the communication of complex information to various audiences both verbally and in writing.
Ability to establish trust with partners through demonstration of knowledge and commitment to security.
Confidence to recommend changes and improvements to the enterprise’s security program.
Ability to manage multiple projects and engagements simultaneously.
Typically requires 3 to 7 years of information technology experience

Job Type: Full-time

Salary: $90,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Ability to commute/relocate:

Minneapolis, MN 55404: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)

Experience:

SailPoint IdentityIQ: 5 years (Preferred)
Linux/ Windows /Active Directory/ LDAP: 5 years (Preferred)
Java /Python /PHP: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: One location

Speak with the employer
+91 727 - 216 - 7642

Show Less Thank you for your interest in a career at Regions. At Regions, we believe associates deserve more than just a job. We believe in offering performance-driven individuals a place where they can build a career --- a place to expect more opportunities. If you are focused on results, dedicated to quality, strength and integrity, and possess the drive to succeed, then we are your employer of choice.

Regions is dedicated to taking appropriate steps to safeguard and protect private and personally identifiable information you submit. The information that you submit will be collected and reviewed by associates, consultants, and vendors of Regions in order to evaluate your qualifications and experience for job opportunities and will not be used for marketing purposes, sold, or shared outside of Regions unless required by law. Such information will be stored in accordance with regulatory requirements and in conjunction with Regions’ Retention Schedule for a minimum of three years. You may review, modify, or update your information by visiting and logging into the careers section of the system.

Job Description:
At Regions, the Identity and Access Management (IAM) Engineer is responsible for working cross-functionally across the organization with business and IT partners, as well as external service partners to deliver the Identity Governance and Administration (IGA) capabilities across Regions. This role includes role-based access controls (RBAC), attribute-based access controls (ABAC), access review/certification, automated provisioning and de-provisioning, and access requests.

Primary Responsibilities
Designs, develops, tests, implements, and integrates Identity and Access Management (IAM) systems and solutions
Ensures that solutions protect information resources against unauthorized use, inappropriate degrees of access, disclosure, damage and/or loss
Analyzes and maintains data to ensure projects deliver on time
Ensures the maintenance, patching, operating, and monitoring of IAM systems
Supports and resolves system incidents, problems and changes
Designs and implements reusable strategies, decisions, service components, libraries and frameworks to support enterprise-level IAM services
Onboards new applications and creates custom workflows, rules, and reports based on business requirements
Creates and analyzes documentation of process, guidelines, standards, technical specifications, as well as drawing network & system architecture diagrams
Leverages bash scripting to maintain the night processing script
Meets and encourages project teams to communicate project status, development issues/roadblocks, and requirements feasibility

This position is exempt from timekeeping requirements under the Fair Labor Standards Act and is not eligible for overtime pay.

Requirements
Bachelor's degree and six (6) years of experience in a related field

Preferences
Advanced understanding of UNIX security, as it relates to user access and provisioning
Experience with Agile methodology and SDLC concepts/tools (Git, Atlassian stack)
Experience with Linux/Unix, Windows, scripting (with programming languages such as Bash, PowerShell, or Perl), SQL, LDAP, and web services
Experience with one or more programming languages such as Java, C#, C/C++, Python, or JavaScript
Experience with role-based access controls and configuring automated provisioning and deprovisioning
Experience with SailPoint (version 7.0 or later) or another IGA/IAM platform
Recognized security industry certifications (CISSP, CIAM, etc.)
Technical experience in systems integration or software engineering of identity and access management (IAM) solutions (such as BeyondTrust, CyberArk, AWS, Duo, OIM, Ping Identity, RadiantLogic, SailPoint, Okta, Active Directory, RACF)

Skills and Competencies
Demonstrated ability to multi-task, to be self-initiated, and work independently
Excellent customer service and interpersonal skills
Excellent time management skills
Excellent organizational, research, analytical and/or problem-solving skills to evaluate situations, make recommendations, and take effective action
Knowledge and skill in technical problem resolution
Strong attention to detail and outstanding analytical skills
Strong written and verbal communication skills

Position Type Full time

Compensation Details
Pay ranges are job specific and are provided as a point-of-market reference for compensation decisions. Other factors which directly impact pay for individual associates include: experience, skills, knowledge, contribution, job location and, most importantly, performance in the job role. As these factors vary by individuals, pay will also vary among individual associates within the same job.

The target information listed below is based on the national range and level of the position.

Job Range Target:
Minimum: $85,837.50 USD
Median: $140,380.00 USD
Incentive Pay Plans: Opportunity to participate in the Long Term Incentive Plan.

Benefits Information
Regions offers a benefits package that is flexible, comprehensive and recognizes that "one size does not fit all" for associates. Listed below is a synopsis of the benefits offered by Regions for informational purposes, which is not intended to be a complete summary of plan terms and conditions.
Paid Vacation/Sick Time
401K with Company Match
Medical, Dental and Vision Benefits
Disability Benefits
Health Savings Account
Flexible Spending Account
Life Insurance
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Program
Associate Volunteer Program

Please note, benefits and plans may be changed, amended, or terminated with respect to all or any class of associate at any time. To learn more about Regions’ benefits, please click or copy the link below to your browser.

https://www.regions.com/welcometour/benefits.rf

Location Details Riverchase OPS Center
Location: Hoover, Alabama

Bring Your Whole Self to Work

We have a passion for creating an inclusive environment that promotes and values diversity of race, color, national origin, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sex, pregnancy, and many other primary and secondary dimensions that make each of us unique as individuals and provide valuable perspective that makes us a better company and employer. More importantly, we recognize that creating a workplace where everyone, regardless of background, can do their best work is the right thing to do.

OFCCP Disclosure: Equal Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veterans

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less The Authentication services senior engineer will join a team of Engineers, Product Managers, and Solution Architects within Identity Access Management (IAM) space for CVS Health. This position will include hands-on engineering and development of IAM solutions as well as support of vendor products primarily related to single sign-on, multi-factor authentication, and passwordless login.
Operating within DevOps and Agile frameworks as part of our Product Management Model, an ideal candidate will have strong engineering skills as well as the ability to help manage a suite of products through Continuous Improvement/Continuous Development strategies. Team Player mentality is a must. This position will require strong Program/Product Management skills and is expected to lead team-members in assignment of and completion of tasks, with an ability to keep product teams on schedule as well as assist with strategic direction specific to Privileged Access Management and the management of CVS Health workforce.

Technologies include but are not limited to SSO, MFA, and Passwordless authentication.

Pay Range
The typical pay range for this role is:
Minimum: 75,000
Maximum: 167,000

Please keep in mind that this range represents the pay range for all positions in the job grade within which this position falls. The actual salary offer will take into account a wide range of factors, including location.

Required Qualifications

5+ Years of direct experience with Identity Access Management (IAM) build and engineering
3+ years of SSO, MFA, Passwordless Authentication experience with Ping Identity products
2+ years experience as a senior engineer for MFA or Passwordless authentication at a large enterprise

Preferred Qualifications

General understanding of DevOps CI/CD or similar (Agile Scrum, Kanban, etc).
Strong team player that works well horizontally and vertically with others of varying skill levels and experience.
Ability to clearly define and present solution development ideas in a team environment.
Working knowledge one or more of the following: JAVA, .NET, LDAP queries, and MySQL
Experience with one or more of the following: REST API integration
Experience writing Linux shell scripts
Experience with CyberArk, BeyondTrust, One Identity PAM products
Product/Program management leadership
CISSP preferred
2+ years of database queries (e.g. MySQL, MS SQL, Oracle

Education
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience

Business Overview
Bring your heart to CVS Health
Every one of us at CVS Health shares a single, clear purpose: Bringing our heart to every moment of your health. This purpose guides our commitment to deliver enhanced human-centric health care for a rapidly changing world. Anchored in our brand — with heart at its center — our purpose sends a personal message that how we deliver our services is just as important as what we deliver.

Our Heart At Work Behaviors™ support this purpose. We want everyone who works at CVS Health to feel empowered by the role they play in transforming our culture and accelerating our ability to innovate and deliver solutions to make health care more personal, convenient and affordable.
We strive to promote and sustain a culture of diversity, inclusion and belonging every day.
CVS Health is an affirmative action employer, and is an equal opportunity employer, as are the physician-owned businesses for which CVS Health provides management services. We do not discriminate in recruiting, hiring, promotion, or any other personnel action based on race, ethnicity, color, national origin, sex/gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, age, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportThe Challenge:

Do you want to play an important role in the world of identity and access management and zero trust? The user is the last frontier for cybersecurity. It’s where the perimeter is drawn, and securing identities is pivotal in the fight against cybercriminals. As an Identity and Access Management (IAM) Specialist, you’ll have the chance to build your skills and experience to keep hackers from taking data and breaking processes. We’re looking for someone like you to help our clients meet their mission without disruption.

In this role, you’ll support large-scale IAM projects for our government clients. You’ll analyze the identity life cycle, articulating access requirements and defining enterprise identity records. You’ll build your experience with IAM to design, deploy, and support systems that verify appropriate user privileges and manage credentials for accessing our clients’ most valuable assets. From single sign-on to privileged access systems, you’ll implement enterprise class solutions and help stop adversaries in their tracks.

Are you ready to help us as we support the mission of the Securities Exchange Commission?

Join us. The world can’t wait.

You Have:

8+ years of experience with Information Technology (IT), including supporting access management solutions, user privileges management, user credential management, or user security behavior monitoring

2+ years of experience supporting IAM, security operations and threat response, or security architecture

2+ years of experience with IAM tool CyberArk

1+ years of experience with requirements, design, implementation, integration, testing, or change management

Knowledge of Active Directory or LDAP management, configuration or design, PKI, X509, SSO across multiple domains, 2FA via PIV or CAC and scripting and coding

Public Trust

SANS, GIAC, or ISC2 CISSP Certification

Nice If You Have:

2+ years of experience with implementing IAM tools in an enterprise environment

2+ years of experience in collaborating with clients to deliver results

Experience with SailPoint

Experience with supporting IAM in a Cloud environment, including Azure or AWS

Experience with SQL database administration or management

Experience with an SIEM tool, including Splunk or the ELK stack

Experience with analyzing Cybersecurity guidance, including policies, strategies, and whitepapers

Experience with implementing PKI and PIV standards

Knowledge of HTTP, XML, REST, and JSON a plus

Bachelor's degree

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Public Trust determination is required.

Build Your Career:

Rewarding work, fun challenges, and a ton of investment in our people—that’s Booz Allen cyber. When you join Booz Allen, we’ll help you develop the career you want.

Competitions — From programming competitions at our PyNights (Python competition and learning events) to competing in CTFs, we’ve got plenty of chances for you to show off your skills.

Paid Research — Have an innovative idea to explore or hypothesis to test? You can participate in challenges via our crowdsourcing platform, the Garage, and other programs to be awarded dedicated time and/or funding to advance your skills.

Cyber University — CyberU has more than 5000 instructor-led and self-paced cyber courses, a free online library that you can access from just about anywhere—including your phone—and certification exam prep guides that include practical assessments to prepare you for your exam.

Academic Partnerships — In addition to our tuition reimbursement benefit, we’ve partnered with University of Maryland University College to offer two graduate certificate programs in cybersecurity—fully funded without a tuition cap.

Maker/Hackerspaces — Race drones, print 3D gadgets, drink coffee from our Wi-Fi coffee maker, and get hands-on training on tools and tech from in-house experts in our dedicated maker and hackerspaces.

We’re an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer that empowers our people to fearlessly drive change – no matter their race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation, or related medical conditions), national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, veteran status, military or uniformed service member status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, local, or international law.

#LI-AH1, DH1, ID15-C

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less The Elevator Pitch: Why will you enjoy this new opportunity?

As a Software Engineer in the Cloud Management Business Unit (CMBU), you’ll collaborate with a diverse team of talented engineers building creative and comprehensive cloud management solutions that span private-, hybrid-, and multi-cloud environments. Your passion for solving customer problems and interest in learning new technologies will help you reach beyond obvious approaches and produce software that defies convention. Of course, how you build is as important as what you build, so you will have considerable influence shaping a development process that suits you and your team.

You will help propel VMware’s mission to win the multi-cloud enterprise by delivering choice and flexibility for our customers. Our award-winning cloud management solutions are themselves cloud-based, and we are focused on driving customers’ consumption of these and other VMware SaaS (Software as a Service) offerings. Simultaneously, we are building a new open-source engine that will both supercharge our own cloud management solutions and provide customers with a powerful alternative to competing infrastructure-as-code products. You’ll partner with teams across engineering, product management, and customer-facing organizations to design and deliver high-quality code, packaged for portability and built following modern best practices. Your team will move quickly, maintaining a healthy sense of urgency while continuously refining engineering processes and architectural decision-making to optimize for quality and efficiency.

Beyond delivering robust technical solutions, you will be challenged to develop yourself professionally and personally. You’ll be supported by a small group of seasoned and supportive leaders as well as your peers, who continuously work together to get the best out of one another and ensure the collective team is operating efficiently and effectively. Exposure to unique experiences and cutting-edge technology along with access to high-quality learning resources will help your career flourish within VMware, no matter the direction you decide to take it.

Success in the Role: What are the performance goals over the first 6–12 months you will work toward completing?

Within the first month- You’ve gotten to know the individuals on your team and have begun to develop healthy working relationships. You understand the cloud management space and feel comfortable using VMware’s related products. You understand the product architecture,

tech stack, and deployment pipeline for at least one of these products and have set up a development environment and committed code.

Within your first 3 months – You are working comfortably with your team to deliver incremental value to customers through the implementation and testing of new features. You are writing robust product code and reliable automated tests, and confidently fixing bugs as they arise.
Within your first 6 months – Working with your manager, you’ve established a high-level career development plan for yourself, taking advantage of available educational resources and mentoring programs within VMware. You’ve internalized VMware’s EPIC2 values: Execution, Passion, Integrity, Customers, and Community.
By the end of your first year – You are navigating all aspects of the agile development process and collaborating with key stakeholders cross-functionally to turn customer requirements into product features. You are directly contributing to CMBU OKRs (Objectives and Key Results) as an experienced member of the cloud management engineering team. You are both learning from and influencing the careers of others in the team.

What type of work will you be doing? What assignments, requirements, or skills will you be performing on a regular basis?

As an engineer in the CMBU, you will:

Join a talented agile development team capable of working across functional and geographic boundaries to deliver a stream of high-quality features and enhancements to customers.
Use and learn popular, modern technologies and methods to construct and operate enterprise-class software services at cloud scale:

o Aria Automation’s Java-based microservices run on AWS (Amazon Web Services) using technologies like Apache Kafka, Docker, and Kubernetes.

o Idem’s modular Python-based architecture invites contribution from and extension by a growing open-source community that you will help incubate.

Prioritize the success of existing and potential customers by providing prompt consultation and support, driving open issues to conclusion with urgency and to all stakeholders’ satisfaction.
Foster a positive, supportive, inclusive, and diverse team culture aligned with VMware’s EPIC2 values and CMBU’s “One Team” philosophy.
Have a voice in what you build and how you build it, as a valued member of a cross-functional, international engineering team passionate about its mission and obsessed with continuous improvement.

What is leadership like for this role? What is the structure and culture of the team like?

You will report to Mike Merrill, Senior Software Engineering Manager, an experienced leader who has been managing development teams within the CMBU since joining VMware in 2013. Mike’s leadership style encourages independent thinking and emphasizes a team-first attitude based on mutual respect and openness to new ideas.

Mike’s team spans the United States and works closely with VMware engineers around the world to solve challenging problems on behalf of our customers. The organization’s distributed nature demands effective communication skills and flexibility and offers exposure to diverse perspectives that help provide a rich professional experience.

The team makes our customers successful by trusting one another to do the job that’s required on our own individual terms, balancing work and life to remain healthy, positive, and productive. We work hard but also take time to build relationships and have fun.

Where is the role located?

Flexible: The location of this role is flexible within the United States. Work can be done remotely at your location of choice or in person from a nearby VMware office. Much of the team is in Massachusetts, but some members live and work elsewhere.

What are the benefits and perks of working at VMware?

You and your loved ones will be supported with a competitive and comprehensive benefits package. Below are some highlights, or you can view the complete benefits package by visiting www.benefits.vmware.com.

Medical Coverage, Retirement, and Parental Leave Plans for All Family Types
Generous Time Off Programs
40 hours of paid time to volunteer in your community
Rethink's Neurodiversity program to support parents raising children with learning or behavior challenges, or developmental disabilities
Financial contributions to your ongoing development (conference participation, training, course work, etc.)
Wellness reimbursement and online fitness and wellbeing classes

For New York City based candidates the hiring range for this position is typically $103000-$175000. The actual offer will be based on the individual candidate. Bonus, commission, and/or equity may be eligible for this position. Additional benefits for this position can be found at https://benefits.vmware.com/.


This job may require the candidate to travel and/or work from a facility that requires full vaccination prior to entry.


Category : Engineering and Technology
Subcategory: Software Engineering
Experience: Manager and Professional
Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time
Posted Date: 2022-11-10

Cloud Management: VMware’s Cloud Management team delivers vRealize Suite, a solution that’s essential to accelerating our customers’ journey to digital transformation. It’s our market-leading, state-of-the-art cloud management platform designed to deliver and manage IT services across private, public, and hybrid clouds. VRealize Suite is an integrated, comprehensive solution that meets the challenge of managing a cloud infrastructure from a single pane of glass. We’re changing the way users design, build, view, and manage public and private clouds, and enabling them to run with optimal performance, insightful analytics and automated delivery. Join our user-focused team of software engineers, data scientists, web designers, product managers, and marketers. You’ll gain valuable experience in the fast-growing field of cloud infrastructure management from a pioneer and industry leader.

VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less The Identity and Access Management Engineer 2 performs identity and access management tasks related to end user access, such as access additions, modifications, deletions and disables from various systems. The Identity and Access Management Engineer 2 work assignments are varied and frequently require interpretation and independent determination of the appropriate courses of action.

Responsibilities

The Identity and Access Management Engineer 2 validates roles and entitlements within the IT systems. Identifies role entitlement inconsistencies and provides resolution. Conducts user recertification reviews, as defined by company policies. Understands department, segment, and organizational strategy and operating objectives, including their linkages to related areas. Makes decisions regarding own work methods, occasionally in ambiguous situations, and requires minimal direction and receives guidance where needed. Follows established guidelines/procedures.

Required Qualifications

Bachelor's degree
5 or more years of cyber security experience
Experience integrating Security Policies, virtual access and controls
Experience integrating Cyber Security technologies with existing technologies
Skilled at performing identity and access management tasks related to end user access, such as access additions, modifications, deletions
Strong ability to assess urgency and prioritization and make good decisions based upon situational circumstances
Excellent communication skills with the ability to influence others
Analytical and problem solving skills
Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiences


Preferred Qualifications

Master's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field
Industry Certifications: CISA, CISSP, HCISPP, CCSP and/or CISM


Additional Information


Scheduled Weekly Hours

40

Not Specified
0
Show Less 
ReportThe primary role will be as the technical SME for our Identity Management platform, with additional responsibilities including providing full lifecycle support for security technologies, and conducting security assessments of both Putnam built and commercial applications. This role will be based at our Andover location with travel to the Boston location as needed. During parts of the system life cycle, weekend and after-hours work will be required.



6+ years of IT Security experience
Bachelor’s Degree with focus in Computer Science, MIS, or Engineering
Experience with Java is required. Familiarity with other languages like Python is also desirable
Ability to work with and facilitate/lead other teams within the technology organization to help define and rollout governance policies
Effective communication skills, independent thinking and the ability to develop concise and easily digestible documentation that is targeted for teams across the technology organization
Ability to multi-task in an extremely fast paced environment and the initiative to skill up on new technologies quickly
Experience with Identity Management & Governance products like Oracle Identity Manager (OIM), Microsoft Identity Manager, Sailpoint, Saviynt, Omada etc. (including experience as a functional and technical product owner with responsibilities that include operational support, administrative support and product lifecycle related patching and upgrade activities)
Experience with Access Management and Directory servers
Experience with Windows PowerShell scripting
Experience developing web services, Spring Boot, Kubernetes, Rancher and Harness are all desired
Experience working on Linux systems, SQL and administering the WebLogic platform are all desired
Able to work within the overall standards set by Putnam for application development
Team oriented; flexible (having the willingness and ability to readily respond to changing circumstances)
Very responsive and a high-level commitment to assigned tasks
Helpful, positive attitude
Strong interpersonal skills


At Putnam, we are committed to a diverse workforce and take positive steps to ensure equal opportunity in our recruitment process. We ensure that individuals with different abilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job applicant process. We strive to hire, develop and retain the most hardworking individuals by valuing the varied skills that they bring!



Most Putnam associates enjoy a hybrid work model, striking a balance between providing a flexible work schedule for our associates and leveraging the energy and creativity that comes with in-person collaboration. This evolution of our workplace creates greater efficiencies and a heightened focus on driving Putnam’s critical goals — ultimately to best serve clients.



O u r Benefits :
Compensation: Base salary plus competitive performance-based incentives determined by company and individual results
Time Off: Flexible time-off under either the R esponsible V acation P lan for exempt level staff , or the Traditional Vacation Plan, including personal time off at a minimum of 18 days paid for non-exempt staff. We also provide 1 0 paid company holidays per full calendar year, plus paid sick and volunteer time .
Financial Benefits: 401(k) savings plan with up to a 5% annual match and annual company discretionary contribution of eligible compensation plus other annual incentive plans based on eligibility
Family Focus: Up to 12 weeks of paid leave for new parents, back-up care program, dependent care flexible spending account, and up to $10,000 for adoption and surrogacy assistance
Health and Welfare: Competitive medical, vision and dental plans, plus tax-free health savings accounts with company annual discretionary contribution up to $1,000 per family
Wellness Programs: Wellness incentive platform, employee assistance program, financial counseling services, fitness center discounts and more
Life & Disability Benefits: Company-paid basic life insurance, short- and long-term disability
Learning: Tuition reimbursement, instructor-led and online classes, mentorship, sponsorship, coaching and leadership development programs
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion: Diversity Advisory Council, business impact groups
Sustainability: Corporate Sustainability Committee, member of the Sustainability Roundtable, Inc.
Show Less This is a hybrid role, 1-2 days remote currently

We are seeks a talented Identity and Access Management (IAM) engineer to join its client-facing engineering team in the American Fork, UT area. IAM engineers work closely with a broad range of clients to design, implement, and support solutions in the areas of Identity Management, Access Management, and Identity Governance.

Responsibilities

Meet with clients both face-to-face and virtually to collaboratively design solutions. Document requirements, explain advantages and trade-offs of different approaches and help clients determine execution strategies.
Collaborate with other engineers and project managers to scope projects and create

execution plans.

Collaborate with other engineers to deliver heavily customized identity solutions using a range of products from various partners combined with custom software developed by our engineers.
Deliver, configure, deploy and install solutions in various client environments.
Engineering IAM platform customizations, enhancements, and modifications
Provide ongoing on-site and off-site support for identity solutions in various customer environments.

Required Skills

3-5 Years experience working with a leading Identity or Access Management platform
Experience with a broad range of operating systems, networking platforms, and product suites used in delivering IAM solutions
Experience architecting, configuring, customizing or deploying at least one of the products listed in the Relevant Products section in a production enterprise environment.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Experience working closely with dynamic teams on rapidly changing projects.
Strong preference for engineers with Software Engineering experience and capabilities. Ideally experience using Java or .NET platforms to implement IAM extensions.

Relevant Products

Ping Identity: PingOne for Customers, PingOne for Workforce
ForgeRock: Identity Manager, Access Manager, Identity Gateway, Identity Governance
MicroFocus: Identity Manager, Access Manager, Identity Governance, Privileged Access
Microsoft: Active Directory, Identity Manager, Azure Active Directory
Broadcom: Symantec Privileged Access Manager
One Identity: Privileged Access Manager
SailPoint: Identity Governance
Saviynt: Identity Governance
CyberArk: Privileged Access Manager

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $100,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year

Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Lehi, UT: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Information security: 4 years (Required)
Cybersecurity: 4 years (Required)
Identity & access management: 4 years (Required)

Work Location: One location

Show Less Title: Senior IT Security Product Specialist

Location: Rocklin, CA 95765 United States

Duration: DIRECT HIRE

SALARY : ~$140K

This position is hybrid, working from your remote office and your assigned work location based on business need.

TOP THINGS: Technical experience with PAM products (particularly BeyondTrust’s suite/AD/PowerShell), years of experience

Position Summary

We are seeking a Senior IT Security Product Specialist in Identity and Access Management team. The role of this position is to provide support for our privileged access and password management tool, and related privileged access management technologies. The successful candidate will provide project consultation, solution deliverables, product documentation, and support on technology product lines, and/or technology service offerings managed by Cybersecurity. The successful candidate will maintain vendor relationships to ensure technical performance requirements, for both new and legacy systems, are met and will be responsible for the product’s existing maintenance contracts and/or license compliance, partnering with projects on requests for new product contracts and licenses.

Qualifications

Minimum:

AA/AS in Computer Science, Business, Engineering, or equivalent work experience.
4 years of Cybersecurity experience with a minimum of 3 years focus in Privileged Access Management
Demonstrated experience with Identity and Access Management technologies
Demonstrated experience with managing, maintaining, and supporting a Privileged Access Management tool at an enterprise level.

Desired:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Electrical/Electronic Engineering, or similar field; or equivalent experience
MS in Computer Science or Information Security
Provisioning and password safe tools such as Beyond Trust Password safe, Powerbroker for Windows.
Privileged Access Management Processes including on-boarding, account management, password rotation, password safe policies, and account brokering for Windows policies
Strong knowledge of Windows servers
Strong knowledge of Windows workstations
Familiarity with SSH key management
Active Directory and other LDAP directories
Multi-factor authentication such as RSA SecurID
Understanding of Public Key Infrastructure (PKI)
Understanding of role based access controls (RBAC)
Ability to reverse engineer technology & configuration for troubleshooting

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

Strong written and good oral communication, ability to document diagrams and business cases, and collaboration skills
Demonstrated ability to work both as an individual contributor and in a team environment
Proven customer facing skills and the ability to effectively communicate at both a high-level and a technical level
Security minded and ability to handle evidence containing sensitive information
Strong understanding of information security fundamentals, concepts, and strategy
Understanding of modern role-based access and delegation security models
Understanding of risk assessment and analysis
Understanding of SOX and/or other compliance framework requirements and evidence gathering
Excellent written and verbal communications skills
Demonstrated technical knowledge of and direct experience working with the following technologies:
Password Vaulting
Windows Servers
Windows Workstations
Active Directory
Group Policy Management
Heterogenous Authentication

Job Responsibilities

Product Management & Operations: Administration and support of Beyond Trust Password Safe in either a primary or secondary capacity depending on the product and the experience level of the successful candidate.
IT Product Analysis: Collaborate and confer with the accountable planning organization to develop the technical and business strategic vision and how it applies to the targeted products or services. Understand the product positioning, key benefits, and target users. Gather and analyze changing business and user requirements. In partnership with the planning organization, research new market technologies and make recommendations based on the Company’s future business needs and processes.
Product Lifecycle: Manage the continuous product lifecycle from research, planning and implementation to retirement, including cost management. Introduce new innovative solutions, create support structure, and integrate product with company standards. Involved in the implementation, including installation, testing, communicating, and documenting of the product. Advocates and communicates key messages and strategies, promotes the product, educates, and trains support staff.
Solution Design: Interface with internal IT stakeholders to understand and analyze a project’s business and technical requirements. Have the ability to translate requirements into a detailed solution design leveraging the targeted IT products or services for teams to be able to properly deploy and implement. Be familiar with IT planning methodologies. Be able to provide accurate project timelines, labor cost estimates and equipment cost estimates to the project. Have the ability to manage multiple assigned projects.
Capacity Planning: Manage the enterprise-wide technical capacity for the targeted IT products or services. Work with projects to determine the best use of existing capacity for resource allocation. Partner with key stakeholders to determine and understand future capacity requirements. Analyze areas of opportunities to optimize costs of IT products or services. Engage with the product’s vendor to manage the process to request additional units including working with projects needing new product contracts and licenses. Perform contract management and be responsible for understanding and complying with the product’s existing maintenance contracts and/or licenses.
Provide operational support and work Incidents, Work Orders and Change Control (BMC Remedy)
Participate in an On-Call rotation (24x7)
Support: Work closely with IT professionals to troubleshoot and resolve issues. Drive conventions and standards (such as usage or configuration) across products to maximize user experience. In the absence of a third-tier support specialist, perform the role of third-tier support to other IT professionals.
Vendor Technical Liaison: Participate in business, technical, and contract negotiations with vendors. Act as a conduit for vendor relationship, licensing, and incident management. Be an advocate for business unit and IT operational clients to ensure business requirements are cost effective and needs are met. Provide budget support to IT professionals and stakeholders.
Documentation: Develops a variety of documentation such as strategies, plans, designs, usage or configuration standards, policies, guidelines, user requirements, roadmaps, reports, metrics, process manuals, configuration manuals, and other documentation specific and necessary for the targeted product or service.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $125,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year

Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Work Location: Hybrid remote in South San Francisco, CA 94080

Show Less 
ReportTo solve climate change, wealth inequality, supply chain stability, and national security we must change how our global supply chains work. We are a Trusted Commerce Platform built on a shared source of truth for the global supply chain. Our purpose is to enable resilient, sustainable, secure, and inclusive global commerce: Globalization 2.0.

We have built a layer of shared intelligence across the world’s supply chain information: a living map of trillions of dollars of B2B commercial activity, covering 400M companies connected by billions of shipments. This knowledge graph powers our Trusted Commerce Platform which, after only three years since founding, is already used by many of the world’s most important governments, enterprises, and logistics providers.

Our product suite enables our customers to gain unprecedented visibility, benefit from shared artificial intelligence across a federated network of data, and interact across the network through a shared source of truth. We help our customers to build and manage trusted global supply chains.

Our product suite enables our customers to gain unprecedented visibility, benefit from shared artificial intelligence across a federated network of data, and interact across the network through a shared source of truth. We help our customers to build and manage trusted global supply chains.

The Engineering team is looking for talented Software Engineers to help build this vision. You’ll work closely with our Data Scientists on projects to analyze and observe world-scale datasets, write code that can scale to produce never before seen insights, and construct APIs to deliver our product vision.

Responsibilities

Own the company's entire cybersecurity posture across internal tooling, production deployments, and customer integrations
Design and deploy our Identity & Access Management and Role-Based Access Controls across internal tools and production deployments
Own the security components for SOC2 and ISO27001 compliance
Write scripts and tools for automating security-related processes
Enable monitoring and observability tooling across our team's entire stack
Collaborate with fellow engineers and data scientists across the organization

About You

BS or MS degree in Computer Science, Data Science, or equivalent experience
You have 5+ years of real-world professional experience designing and deploying security tooling and processes
You have a track record of ownership and delivery of projects with major organizational impact
You care deeply about engineering excellence, clean code, and knowledge-sharing
You have strong written and verbal communication skills

Nice to have, but not required

Experience with Python Machine Learning toolsets (Scikit-learn, Numpy, Pandas, Dedupe)
Experience with API development
Experience with GitHub Actions, GitLab CI, or other CI/CD tooling

Technologies we love

Languages: Python, Go, JavaScript
Tools: Docker, Git, Kubernetes, Swagger/OpenAPI, AWS, Azure
Datastores: Elasticsearch, Postgres, Redshift, Neo4j

Why it’s great to work here

We love to collaborate, and we win as a team!
We are committed to engineering excellence
We value personal and professional development
We learn from diverse backgrounds and perspectives
We impact the world, from enabling developing countries to identifying drug traffickers

We are an equal opportunity employer with a commitment to inclusion across race and ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, physical ability, veteran status, and national origin. We offer a comprehensive healthcare package and paid parental leave of 2 months for the primary caregiver and 1 month for the secondary caregiver.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $190,000.00 - $220,000.00 per year

Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote

Show Less Towers Crescent (12066), United States of America, Vienna, Virginia

Senior Data Engineer, Enterprise Data (Remote-Eligible)

Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast-paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who solve real problems and meet real customer needs. We are seeking Data Engineers who are passionate about marrying data with emerging technologies. As a Capital One Data Engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Capital One.

The EDML (Enterprise. Data. Machine Learning.) organization delivers exceptional technology, products, services and processes to support our Data and Machine Learning ecosystems and core functions that support holistic operations for Capital One as an enterprise. In this role, you will enable responsible privacy & data solutions for the company.

What You’ll Do:

Collaborate with and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement, and support technical solutions in full-stack development tools and technologies

Work with a team of developers with deep experience in machine learning, distributed microservices, and full stack systems

Work with a team of developers with deep experience in cloud services (AWS) , Big Data, machine learning and full stack systems

Utilize programming languages like Python, Java, Scala, and Open Source RDBMS and NoSQL databases and Cloud based data warehousing services such as Snowflake

Share your passion for staying on top of tech trends, experimenting with and learning new technologies, participating in internal & external technology communities, and mentoring other members of the engineering community

Collaborate with digital product managers, and deliver robust cloud-based solutions that drive powerful experiences to help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment

Perform unit tests and conduct reviews with other team members to make sure your code is rigorously designed, elegantly coded, and effectively tuned for performance

Capital One is open to hiring a Remote Employee for this opportunity.

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree

At least 4 years of experience in application development (Internship experience does not apply)

At least 1 year of experience in big data technologies

Preferred Qualifications:

5+ years of experience in application development with Python

4+ years of experience with SQL, Scala, or Java

4+ years of data warehousing and relational database experience (Snowflake , Oracle, or PostgreSQL)

2+ years of experience with a public cloud (AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud)

3+ years of experience with AWS services EC2, EMR, ECS, S3, SNS, Lambda, RDS, VPC

3+ years of experience with AWS Security Groups or Identity and Access Management

3+ years experience with Distributed data/computing tools (MapReduce, Hadoop, Hive, EMR, Kafka, Spark, Gurobi, or MySQL, Airflow)

2+ years of experience working on real-time data and streaming applications

2+ years of experience with NoSQL implementation (Mongo, Cassandra)

3+ years of experience with UNIX/Linux including basic commands and shell scripting

2+ years of experience with Agile engineering practices

Certified AWS Solutions Architect Associate

At this time, Capital Onewill notsponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.

The minimum and maximum full-time annual salaries for this role are listed below, by location. Please note that this salary information is solely for candidates hired to perform work within one of these locations, and refers to the amount Capital One is willing to pay at the time of this posting. Salaries for part-time roles will be prorated based upon the agreed upon number of hours to be regularly worked.

Location is New York City

$156,596 and $184,748 for Senior Data Engineer

Location is Colorado

$132,699 and $156,555 for Senior Data Engineer

Candidates hired to work in other locations will be subject to the pay range associated with that location, and the actual annualized salary amount offered to any candidate at the time of hire will be reflected solely in the candidate’s offer letter.

No agencies please. Capital One is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City’s Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia’s Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.

If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com

Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.

Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportUnissant, Inc. is an innovative solutions development and consulting company committed to delivering simplicity through innovation. We meet this commitment by delivering state-of-the-art enterprise computing and processing solutions to both government and commercial clients. Our workforce continually strives to advance y(our) collective intellect through collaborative fortitude, and we are looking for further talent to join that effort! To learn more about our exciting organization, please visit us at www.unissant.com.

We are seeking an Identity and Access Management Engineer to join our team and support our client in Washington, DC.

This is a 100% remote position

Qualified applicants may be subject to a security investigation and must meet minimum qualifications to access classified information. This is a highly technical position; individuals will be screened by peers in a technical review of skills and experience.

Successful applicants must comply with federal contractor vaccine requirements.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Implement identity and access management solutions in a cloud environment
Implement policy-based access control using single-sign-on (SSO), multifactor authentication, cloud security capabilities, and identity management platforms
Ability to incorporate AI/ML capabilities into access control enforcement solutions.

Work Experience:

Minimum of Five (5) years of Identity and Access Management experience required.
Demonstrated experience implementing one or more leading identity management platforms (such as Radiant Logic, Okta, or SailPoint) in a cloud-based environment.
Experience applying federal security controls (HSPD-12, NIST SP 800-53, NIST SP 800-63, PKI, X.509, FIPS 201) to access control systems.
Experience with Identity Management Tools like Active Directory, and Okta required.
Experience with SSO standards like SAML 2.0, OAuth, etc.

Job Skills:

Ability to apply federal identity and authorization credential systems (PIV, CAC).
Ability to communicate difficult/sensitive information tactfully.
Ability to write clear and concise technical content.
Ability to communicate difficult/sensitive information tactfully.
Able to work as part of a team and individually with little or no supervision.
Knowledge of Zero Trust Architecture principles; experience implementing one or more Zero Trust use cases desired.

Education:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field required.

Certifications, Licenses, and Registrations:

Cybersecurity certification (such as Security+ or CISSP) desired.
Cloud certification desired.

Communication Skills:

Excellent verbal and written skills.

Travel:

No Travel Requirements.

Environmental Requirements:

Mainly sedentary; in an office environment
May be required to lift up to ten (10) pounds
Flexible in working extended hours

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by the individual(s) assigned to this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required. Unissant management reserves the right to modify, add, or remove duties and to assign other duties as necessary. In addition, where applicable and available, reasonable accommodation(s) may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions of this position.

Please note: Candidate(s) will be required to go through pre-employment screening.

Unissant, Inc. is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer! (EOE; M/F/Disability/Vets)

Show Less We are seeking a knowledgeable, full stack developer to join our expanding Development team. In this role, you will help develop and design technology solutions that are scalable, relevant, and critical to our company’s success. You will be part of a talented software team that works on mission-critical applications. Developer roles and responsibilities include Full Stack application development while providing input in the full software development lifecycle, from concept and design to testing. You must have a solid skill set, a desire to continue to grow as a developer, and a team-player mentality.
Essential Duties/Responsibilities

Coding and deployment of new software applications using Agile practices.
Gathering and creating documentation.
Support of existing software applications including bug fixing and critical issues response.
Performing code reviews.
Estimation of project work.

Essential Duties/Responsibilities

Coding and deployment of new software applications using Agile practices.
Gathering and creating documentation.
Support of existing software applications including bug fixing and critical issues response.
Performing code reviews.
Estimation of project work

Minimum Qualifications

BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related subject.
Object Oriented analysis and design using common design patterns.
Knowledge of Relational Databases, SQL and ORM technologies (JPA2, Hibernate).
Hands on experience with object orient programming languages like Java, C# or Python.
Web Application development knowledge that includes JavaScript, HTML5, CSS.
Knowledge of front-end web frameworks (e.g. Angular, React, etc…).
Good verbal and written communication skills.
Experience building and deploying REST APIs.
Source Control Management: Git.
Experience developing and using micro-services architectures and DevOps Technologies such as Jenkins, Maven and Docker.

Location: AZ
Status: Full-Time
Note: The Company reserves exclusive right in its sole discretion to modify, adjust, delete, add or otherwise change the above at any time.

ShotSpotter provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, ShotSpotter complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
ShotSpotter expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of ShotSpotter’s employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.

If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact ShotSpotter at +1.510.794.3183 or careers@shotspotter.com for assistance.

Job Type: Full-time

Show Less We deliver our customers peace of mind every day by helping them protect what they value most. Our passion for placing the customer at the center of everything we do is driving a transformational shift at Liberty Mutual. Right now, we have an opportunity for a Principal Cybersecurity Engineer to join our Global Cybersecurity Identity and Access Management team to develop Next Generation Role Based Access Management Services.

As Liberty Mutual continues to strengthen its leadership position in the industry; we have launched new programs to advance our customer focused cutting-edge technology to increase our competitive advantage.

About the job:

As a hands-on Cybersecurity Engineer in Global Cybersecurity you will have a crucial role in this transformation. Working on a security scrum team, the successful candidate will evaluate and, as necessary, build out and innovate on our access management solutions that help strengthen our cybersecurity posture.

In this role you would be responsible for providing technology leadership and oversight on specifications, development and implementation of cybersecurity solutions, specifically Role Based Access Management solutions to secure Administrative and Privileged access to enable enterprise to securely manage access.

We are also modernizing legacy solutions to more modern technology such at Azure and AWS to minimize risk and improve user experience.

Responsibilities:

Design, Develop and configure Access Management solutions with Microsoft Identity using Azure RBAC
Knowledge of Azure Role Manager
Manager (MIM) Azure Portal, AWS IAM and Microsoft Privileged identity Manager (PIM)
Participate in unit test case development and Develops highly complex test scripts
Conduct impact analysis and/or threat models
Support the production support transition and implementation phases, responsible for overall success of the project.
Work within project team to develop iterative development that delivers a high-quality product.
Support interactions with customers and development team to gather and define requirements.
Develops and leads the production of support documentation.
Leads quality assurance architecture and design guide review; defects or discrepancies in requirements identified and resolved with appropriate partners.
Plan work out appropriately, effectively communicates and responds to escalations/inquiries.
Identify and implements appropriate continuous improvement opportunities
Responsible for system analysis, design, coding, testing, debugging, and documentation.
Responsible for quality assurance review.
May provide mentorship to new engineers on the team.

Desired skills:

Proven leadership, coaching and mentoring experience
Experience with Development and Automation tools including: SpringBoot, Java, HTML, PowerShell, Bamboo, Jenkins, and Splunk.
Experience with CyberArk, AWS, Microsoft Identity Manager (MIM), Microsoft Privileged Identity Manager (PIM)
Understanding of Authentication Patterns: SAML, WSFed, Oauth, OIDC, WAM
Common Cloud Services (AWS, Azure, S3, Google Cloud)
REST API experience
Experience in developing and using Source Code Version Control Systems like Git or Subversion, including branching, merging, and managing code releases/versions.
Developing end to end applications in a fully scaled Agile environment, including JIRA and SAFe

Qualifications

Qualifications:

Bachelor's or degree in technical discipline or equivalent experience, technical degree preferred.
Generally, 3+ years of professional experience.
Highly proficient in software engineering languages and tools; ability to develop on multiple platforms.
Strong negotiation, facilitation and consensus building skills.
Strong oral and written communication skills; presentation skills.
Extensive knowledge of the following: IT concepts, strategies, methodologies.
Versed in diverse technologies and new technical architecture principles and concepts. Extensive knowledge in layered systems architectures solutions and designs and shared software concepts.
Business function(s) and I/T industry business issues; extensive knowledge of business operations, strategies and objectives. Strong in multiple programming languages and tools.
Extensive understanding of agile software development concepts and processes.
Must be proactive, demonstrate initiative and be a logical thinker.
Extensive consultative skills, including the ability to understand and apply customer requirements, including drawing out unforeseen implications and making recommendations for design, the ability to define design reasoning, understanding potential impacts of design requirements.
Extensive understanding of backlog tracking, burndown metrics, and incremental delivery.
Strong collaboration, prioritization, and adaptability skills required.

At Liberty Mutual, our purpose is to help people embrace today and confidently pursue tomorrow. That's why we provide an environment focused on openness, inclusion, trust and respect. Here, you'll discover our expansive range of roles, and a workplace where we aim to help turn your passion into a rewarding profession.

Liberty Mutual has proudly been recognized as a “Great Place to Work” by Great Place to Work® US for the past several years. We were also selected as one of the “100 Best Places to Work in IT” on IDG's Insider Pro and Computerworld's 2020 list. For many years running, we have been named by Forbes as one of America's Best Employers for Women and one of America's Best Employers for New Graduates—as well as one of America's Best Employers for Diversity. To learn more about our commitment to diversity and inclusion please visit: https://jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/diversity-inclusion

We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to make things better, and we put people first by offering you benefits that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits

Liberty Mutual is an equal opportunity employer. We will not tolerate discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, disability, veteran's status, pregnancy, genetic information or on any basis prohibited by federal, state or local law.


15

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less We're Cruise, a self-driving service designed for the cities we love.

We're building the world's most advanced, self-driving vehicles to safely connect people to the places, things, and experiences they care about. We believe self-driving vehicles will help save lives, reshape cities, give back time in transit, and restore freedom of movement for many.

Cruisers have the opportunity to grow and develop while learning from leaders at the forefront of their fields. With a culture of internal mobility, there's an opportunity to thrive in a variety of disciplines. This is a place for dreamers and doers to succeed.

If you are looking to play a part in making a positive impact in the world by advancing the revolutionary work of self-driving cars, join us.

The IAM engineering team as part of the Cruise Enterprise Engineering is an exciting and a fast-evolving engineering group. As a Staff Engineer on the IAM team, you will lead architecture, design, implementation and maintenance of Cruise IAM platforms and applications, as well as provide in-depth technical consultation to the business units and IT management and assist in developing plans and direction for the integration of information security requirements. You will be driving IAM strategy, critical multi-functional initiatives, technology assessment and end to end IAM solution delivery by partnering with various technology teams including Security, IT Operations, Enterprise Applications, Infrastructure Engineering and business teams.




What you'll be doing?

Drive strategy, design, and management of the enterprise IAM platforms, applications and programs

Facilitates the use of technology-based tools or methodologies to review, design and/or implement products and services to provide a strong IAM program that balances access with compliance and confidentiality

Identifies and evaluates complex business and technology risks, internal controls that mitigate risks, and related opportunities for internal control improvement

Identifies the broader impact of current decisions related to user access, data access and information security

Designs and aligns IAM processes across the organization, and develops and documents standards for organizational use

Leads an IAM selection process, evaluates existing and emerging technologies and tools in the selection of an IAM service offering for the business units

Integrate IAM systems with in-house applications, third party applications and SaaS applications for lifecycle management, provisioning, identity authentication, and developing connectors between IAM tools and system resources

Translate high level requirements into detailed technical designs, and lead design sessions and code walkthrough

Build and develop systems and processes to enforce least privilege in a transparent way

Develop documentation to support ongoing IAM systems operations (including business continuity), maintenance, and specific problem resolution

Provide recommendations to end users, IT teams and leaders on standard methodologies in implementing and demonstrating processes within the IT Apps ecosystem

Develop metrics and dashboards to provide end-users and business leadership with meaningful operational/performance metrics and status reports

Design, develop, support and manage integrations to internal and external systems as required

Deliver high quality software using Agile/Scrum development methodologies

Support technical requirements gathering, technical gap analysis, and contribute to backlog grooming

Collaborate with other engineering teams in designing, implementing and integrating the business applications




What you must have?

Bachelor's or higher degree preferably in Computer Science, Information Systems, Cybersecurity, or a related field.

8+ years of experience in Identity and Access Management including 3+ years of experience in a technical / engineering lead role.

Identity management experience across the following areas: single sign-on (SSO), data management, identity federation, enterprise directory architecture and design, including directory schema, directory services, namespace and replication topology experience, resource provisioning, and process integration.

Experience in identity and access governance including role-based access control, access request and certification and user life cycle management processes.

Experience with administrating authentication technologies, such as Microsoft Active Directory/Windows authentication, OpenLDAP, Shibboleth, SimpleSAMLphp, Kerberos, OpenID Connect, OAuth, and federated identity management.

Expert understanding of IAM concepts, including federation, authentication, authorization, access controls, access control attacks, identity and access provisioning life cycle.

Experience with application design, integration and deployment in an integrated IT environment. Must know how to plan, prototype, test, deploy and maintain a solution.

Experience with IGA Operational tasks – Creating connectors, Defining Access Control, Policies/Platforms, User provisioning and entitlements, Managing Applications Credentials and User Access Policy Management.

Experience in performing Privileged Access Reviews, Compliance Reporting, Access Control Processes, and other associated tasks with Privileged User Management

Hands-on with application onboarding, customizing workflows, tasks, rules, roles and reports

Familiar with configuration management (Salt, Ansible, Chef or Puppet).

Programming experience with Ruby, Python, PHP, PowerShell, SCIM, SQL and/or shell scripting.

Experience preparing the product documentation, test cases, test plans and support process

Experience with Linux and Windows Operating Systems.

Proven troubleshooting skills and ability to understand a very complex environment.

Possess excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written skills: ability to clearly and concisely articulate issues, alternatives, and recommendations.

Flexible, adaptable, and able to manage multiple tasks in a dynamic, high-pressure, fast-paced environment.




Bonus Points!

Experience or Certification in Information Assurance Management, Certified Information Systems Security

Experience in one or more public cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS or Google Cloud

Why Cruise?
Our benefits are here to support the whole you:
Competitive salary and benefits
401(k) Cruise matching program
Medical / dental / vision, AD+D and Life
One Medical membership
Subsidized mental health benefits
Flexible vacation and company paid holidays
Healthy meals and snacks provided for non-remote employees
Paid parental, jury duty, bereavement, family care and medical leave
Fertility Benefits
Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account, subsidized by Cruise
Flexible Spending Account
Monthly wellness stipend
Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Plan for non-remote employees
CruiseFlex - a working policy for US-Based Cruisers that lets you and your manager find what working style is best for you, whether it's primarily in-person, primarily at home or a combination of home and in-office time.
We're Integrated
Through our partnerships with General Motors and Honda, we are the only self-driving company with fully integrated manufacturing at scale.
We're Funded
GM, Honda, Microsoft, T. Rowe Price & Walmart have invested billions in Cruise. Their backing for our technology demonstrates their confidence in our progress, team, and vision and makes us one of the leading autonomous vehicle organizations in the industry. Our deep resources greatly accelerate our operating speed.
We're Independent
We have our own governance, board of directors, equity, and investors. Our independence allows us to not just work on the edge of technology, but also define it.
We're Vested
You won't just own your work here, you'll have the potential to own equity in Cruise, too. We are competing in a market that is projected to grow exponentially, which gives our company valuation room to grow.
Recurring Liquidity Opportunity (RLO) - a unique equity program where employees, both current and former, have the option to sell any amount of their vested equity on a recurring basis, currently quarterly.

Cruise LLC is an equal opportunity employer.We strive to create a supportive and inclusive workplace where contributions are valued and celebrated, and our employees thrive by being themselves and are inspired to do the best work of their lives.

We seek applicants of all backgrounds and identities, across race, color, ethnicity, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or parental status, or disability. Applicants will not be discriminated against based on these or other protected categories or social identities. Cruise will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, in accordance with applicable laws.

Cruise is committed to the full inclusion of all applicants. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process please let our recruiting team know or email HR@getcruise.com.

We proactively work to design hiring processes that promote equity and inclusion while mitigating bias. To help us track the effectiveness and inclusivity of our recruiting efforts, please consider answering the following demographic questions. Answering these questions is entirely voluntary. Your answers to these questions will not be shared with the hiring decision makers and will not impact the hiring decision in any way. Instead, Cruise will use this information not only to comply with any government reporting obligations but also to track our progress toward meeting our diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging objectives.

Vaccine Mandate.

At Cruise, we're tasked with leading in the communities we serve — and doing our part to help keep our communities and our teams safe. Our #StaySafe culture transcends and informs all we do, and because of this, as of October 31, 2021 Cruise will be mandating COVID-19 vaccinations for all US-based Cruisers who need or want to access any of our US Cruise facilities and engage in any business travel — including attending any in-person Company-sponsored event.

If you are unable to get a vaccine due to a medical condition, disability, or a strongly-held religious belief, Cruise will consider requests for an accommodation.

Note to Recruitment Agencies:Cruise does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Furthermore, Cruise does not pay placement fees for candidates submitted by any agency other than its approved partners.

Show Less What Information Security and Risk contributes to Cardinal Health

Information Technology oversees the effective development, delivery, and operation of computing and information services. This function anticipates, plans, and delivers Information Technology solutions and strategies that enable operations and drive business value.

Information Security and Risk develops, implements, and enforces security controls to protect the organization's technology assets from intentional or inadvertent modification, disclosure or destruction. This job family develops system back-up and disaster recovery plans. Information Technology also conducts incident response, threat management, vulnerability scanning, virus management and intrusion detection and completes risk assessments.

Job Summary

Seeking a highly qualified Software Developer capable of developing high scalable applications with a focus of development of SailPoint Identity IQ. The ideal candidate should be a technically sound Java developer with hands on experience in building SaaS applications, web technologies, web services and databases.

Responsibilities

Hands on technical design, development and code review of solutions along with product development
Must have experience developing solutions leveraging OOPs and established design patterns
Independently able to develop code and integrate with existing solutions
Take full ownership of delivering quality code to QA
Experience with development lifecycle ‚Äì including unit testing, code reviews in an Agile environment
Excellent collaborative attitude to be able to work with peers as well as QA, Support and Product Management

Qualifications

The candidates preferred attributes:

Bachelors or Master‚Äôs Degree (preferably in Computer Science or Information Science)
Overall 3+ years of experience
Extensive experience designing and developing systems for scale, high performance and or highly secure, and importantly high availability systems.
Strong analytical skills. Demonstrated expertise in problem-solving and technical innovation.
Must not only have designed and developed code, but strong skills in unit testing and working with Testing teams:
Java, database and web technologies
Providing technical guidance to test teams focused on manual testing and automated testing methodologies. Build and release management
Demonstrate leadership capabilities in designing, developing, and successful implementation of enterprise scale integration solutions
Provide thought leadership to drive or establish architecture patterns to build highly available systems and integrations to support business critical applications.
Demonstrated ability to set technology direction and oversee successful delivery and/or support of technology solutions
Demonstrates expertise with Google Cloud Platform and other Cloud platforms like AWS.
Demonstrates willingness to learn new products/technologies and is an effective team player.
Demonstrates knowledge of software development life cycle, modeling of business processes, application design patterns, business/functional documents. Estimates to high level business requirements and provide options analysis.
Demonstrates hands on experience with one or more programing languages (Java/J2EE, Shell/Perl/ Python scripting)
Maintains platform or system health and availability requirements.
Leverages fluency in technical languages, operating systems, application programming interfaces, and troubleshooting skills.
Communicates effectively with various cross functional and technology teams (app dev, deployment, testing, project).
Ability to define work processes and lead team members in successful implementation
Self-driven and must have strong experience in the world of product development
Must demonstrate good judgment and pragmatic approach in delivering software that optimizes technology architecture across business needs and keeping in mind technology constraints
Must have very strong capability to influence stakeholders ‚Äì about his/her solution
Must have the humility to back out in the face objections or when better options exist.

Competencies

Advanced understanding of Core Java
Proven experience with Spring Java; overall expertise in J2EE frameworks and design patterns.
Strong design and development skills with database technologies
Must know principles and techniques involved to ensure non-functional requirements such as performance and security are factored during design and development
Experience in Agile (Scrum) project methodologies.
Have experience with writing code for high scalability systems
Must have experience in doing code reviews, writing unit test cases, and working closely with all stakeholders involved in product engineering
Exposure to automated build and release processes would be a plus
Excellent communication skills

What is expected of you and others at this level

Applies advanced knowledge and understanding of concepts, principles, and technical capabilities to manage a wide variety of projects
Participates in the development of policies and procedures to achieve specific goals
Recommends new practices, processes, metrics, or models
Works on or may lead complex projects of large scope
Projects may have significant and long-term impact
Provides solutions which may set precedent
Independently determines method for completion of new projects
Receives guidance on overall project objectives
Acts as a mentor to less experienced colleagues

Cardinal Health is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, pregnancy, veteran status, marital status, creed, status with regard to public assistance, genetic status or any other status protected by federal, state or local law.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less What you do at AMD changes everything


At AMD, we push the boundaries of what is possible. We believe in changing the world for the better by driving innovation in high-performance computing, graphics, and visualization technologies – building blocks for gaming, immersive platforms, and the data center.


Developing great technology takes more than talent: it takes amazing people who understand collaboration, respect, and who will go the “extra mile” to achieve unthinkable results. It takes people who have the passion and desire to disrupt the status quo, push boundaries, deliver innovation, and change the world. If you have this type of passion, we invite you to take a look at the opportunities available to come join our team.


**POSITION CAN ALSO BE LOCATED IN SANTA CLARA**




THE ROLE:

As a key member of the Identity and Access Management team, you will help design, implement, and provide support for authentication services including Active Directory, Redhat LDAP and SAML. This is a great opportunity to liaison with other technical teams to provide technical and tactical solutions to address future needs both on-premise and in the cloud.




THE PERSON:

This person will need to have a broad scope of skills and experience to understand current and future authentication challenges and seek innovative ways to solve them. As technology is constantly changing, the candidate must have the ability to adapt to change in this diverse and fast paced environment. You will have excellent communication skills, both oral and written. You will be a team player, organized, responsible and a highly detailed problem solver!




KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:

Installation, maintenance, and enhancements to LDAP and SAML infrastructures including OS technical support and systems programming
Monitor, tune, and troubleshoot applications and core infrastructure authentication services
Ensure relevant systems stability and resolution to incidents
Author and maintain technical documentation of environment architecture and operations
Work in conjunction with IT architectural and infrastructure groups to coordinate and implement roadmaps for future scalability, growth, and capacity
Assist and mentor team members in resolving technical issues




PREFERRED EXPERIENCE:

Solid background in Linux system administration and troubleshooting
Experience in Linux PAM modules, Linux client LDAP authentication and RedHat directory services
Experience designing, building, deploying, and managing Okta Identity Provider (Okta Certified Professional preferred)
Devops and automation experience (Ansible and Github/Gitlab preferred)
Strong script/debugging skills in some/all of the following: Python, PERL, Bash and/or Powershell
Basic understanding of networking and network protocols
Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to present to all levels of the organization
Self-starter with the ability to work with minimal direction
Experience with SailPoint products is a plus



#LI-JW2


Requisition Number: 175568
Country: United States State: California City: San Jose
Job Function: Information Technology

Benefits offered are described here.

AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers. We consider candidates regardless of age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status. Please clickherefor more information.

Show Less When you join Verizon

Verizon is one of the world‚Äôs leading providers of technology and communications services, transforming the way we connect across the globe. We‚Äôre a diverse network of people driven by our shared ambition to shape a better future. Here, we have the ability to learn and grow at the speed of technology, and the space to create within every role. Together, we are moving the world forward ‚Äì and you can too. Dream it. Build it. Do it here.


What you‚Äôll be doing...

As a Security Engineer, you will use your knowledge of Privileged Access Management to provide and support enterprise level solutions for protecting and managing access to the corporation's sensitive data. This role will be part of a fast-paced team that is responsible for developing, implementing, and maintaining our PAM capabilities which provide an effective security framework for managing and protecting and managing access to privileged credentials. You will work independently, under moderate supervision in response to general work direction.


Working on our operations team supporting our mission to provide Privileged Access Management to the organization including on-call rotations, infrastructure support, and customer support.
Resolving technical issues in the PAM Platform through problem tracking, diagnosis and root-cause analysis, replication, troubleshooting, and resolution for moderately complex issues.
Integrating with third-party software such as CyberArk supporting on-premise and cloud infrastructure.
Ensuring seamless user experience and high availability.
Coordinating operational tasks with peers and other partners.
Identifying and implementing process improvements and automation opportunities via integrations with other technologies.

Where you'll be working...

In this remote role, you'll work from home with occasional in-person trainings and meetings.


What we‚Äôre looking for...

You'll need to have:


Bachelor‚Äôs degree or four or more years of work experience.
Four or more years of relevant work experience.
Experience in Privileged Access Management.
Unix/Linux or Windows Systems administration experience.
Willingness to provideon-call support based on the needs of the business.

Even better if you have one or more of the following:


Master's degree in information security, cyber security, computer science or a related field.
Networking knowledge, specifically security ports/protocols.
Experience in administration and support of CyberArk including creating new safes, platforms and accounts and troubleshooting CyberArk errors.
CyberArk Certification.
Experience with a scripting/programming language (Python, PowerShell, C#, etc.).
Experience designing and implementing programmaticAPI interactions.
Knowledge of REST, HTTP, JSON.
Ability to clearly and succinctly explain highly complex issues to senior executives.
Ability to negotiate when warranted, in order to work with other teams.
Ability to grasp and assess ‚Äúbig picture‚Äù issues and bring them to light in order to foster positive change for a more robust data ingestion platform and process.

22CyberNET 22CyberOPS


Equal Employment Opportunity

We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. At Verizon, we know that diversity makes us stronger. We are committed to a collaborative, inclusive environment that encourages authenticity and fosters a sense of belonging. We strive for everyone to feel valued, connected, and empowered to reach their potential and contribute their best. Check out our diversity and inclusion page to learn more.

COVID-19 Vaccination Requirement

NYC candidates: Verizon requires new hires to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 for onsite and hybrid NYC roles. Verizon provides reasonable accommodations consistent with legal requirements (e.g., for medical or religious reasons). Additional information will be provided during the hiring process.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less While candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role, we are open to remote candidates in other locations.

At Databricks, we are passionate about helping data teams solve the world's most challenging problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the world's best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business.

At Databricks Information Technology (IT), we are a product-led organization transforming the way we work from how easy it is to use our IT services to the applications we develop that help us scale seamlessly in the face of incredible growth.

The Corporate Engineering team builds/provides services and infrastructure that allow our Bricksters to be successful. To accomplish this, the team is dedicated to the mission of ensuring that the underlying infrastructure is running smoothly and that systems and tools are working as expected.

Databricks is hiring an experienced Identity Access Management (IAM) Engineer to report to Corporate Engineering, managing critical Identity Governance processes and building future capabilities. This role is essential to scaling and optimizing our Identity Infrastructure as we continue our hyper-growth.

The impact you will have:

You will work with different teams to make sure they leverage the services ( eg. User Access Reviews) IAM team offers to stay compliant with legal and regulatory standards.
You will work closely with IT and Security teams to make sure identity governance and controls are implemented well.
You will provide Tier 3 support for IT support, partnering with IT support leads to understanding governance and compliance requirements and putting solutions in place towards improving them through process or automation.
You will work with internal IT teams to train them on access review processes and evangelize the services we provide.
You will develop solutions or applications necessary to facilitate identity governance automation securely across Databricks Identity infrastructure.
You will act as a single point of contact for stakeholders for all Identity governance-related issues.
You will create dashboards showing the ROI of the services we provide.
You will own the quarterly user access reviews, check in with stakeholders, answer their questions and make sure that they act on the reviews within the set timeframes.

What we look for:

5+ years of experience or related experience administering identity for systems including IAM configuration for Saas and/or a subset of PAM, LDAP, Cert based, Radius, Tacacs+ for on-prem and network infra.
2+ years of experience programming in a language such as Python, node.js, golang or Scala
Strong understanding of Identity & Access Management (IAM) User Lifecycle Processes including User Activity Monitoring, Access Re-Certification, SOD, Reporting, etc., and IAM Standards.
Hands-on experience designing, implementing, and deploying IAM/IAG solutions in an enterprise environment (e.g., SailPoint, ForgeRock, Okta, etc.)
Familiar with Identity and concepts of least privileged access, Federation, Assurance, Reconciliation, and evidence needs for Audits.
Familiar with design patterns to implement rbac vs abac vs pbac
Familiarity with APIs with a track record of leveraging them to improve efficiency through automation or data quality.

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources

About Databricks

Want to help speed the development of medical breakthroughs? Make the next mode of transportation a reality? Or discover ways to reverse climate change? We're on a mission to help data teams solve the world's toughest problems. The opportunity is huge and Databricks has emerged as a leader. Thousands of enterprises — including Comcast, Virgin Hyperloop and H&M — already rely on us to power their businesses and we're just getting started. Now it's your turn - join us to grow your career and make an impact with some of the brightest minds in the industry.




Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.

About Databricks

Databricks is the lakehouse company. More than 7,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Condé Nast, H&M and over 50% of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark™, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the world’s toughest problems.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportWho we are

lululemon is an innovative performance apparel company for yoga, running, training, and other athletic pursuits. Setting the bar in technical fabrics and functional design, we create transformational products and experiences that support people in moving, growing, connecting, and being well. We owe our success to our innovative product, emphasis on stores, commitment to our people, and the incredible connections we make in every community we're in. As a company, we focus on creating positive change to build a healthier, thriving future. In particular, that includes creating an equitable, inclusive and growth-focused environment for our people.

About this team

The lululemon Identity and Access Management (IAM) team within Cybersecurity, provides services for the global enterprise. We seek out efficiencies and innovation in order to facilitate rapid change, scalability, and maturity of core security services for the modernizing lululemon environment. The IAM portfolio encompasses the planning, design, implementation, maintenance, support, and continuous improvement of identity and access services. We are currently searching for an Associate Engineer to join our operations team.

A day in the life:
Our operations group plays an important role in the organization. Providing a great user experience, collaborating on continuously improving services, all while following security best-practices are at the heart of what we do.


Provide stellar user and stakeholder support for IAM solutions
Process IAM operations ticket queue (requests and incidences)
Process Jira project tickets, as assigned
Actively monitor data integrations and data quality, correcting issues as the arise and escalating to next-tier support as needed
Investigate and remediate any action alerts
Conduct rootcause, use case, and gap/trend analysis, collaborating with next-tier support as needed
Complete and/or coordinate IAM systems maintenance for patching and upgrades
Conduct reporting and data clean-up activities
Qualifications:

3+ years of related hands-on operations analyst experience
Good understanding of identity/access management and security best practices
Experience with IAM tools such as SailPoint IdentityIQ, Delinea / Thycotic, Azure Active Directory, and/or Active Directory is preferred
Familiarity with workstream tools such as Service Now, Jira, Confluence is a plus
Ability to manage and complete multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment
Well organized, detail oriented, analytical thinker and problem-solver
Collaborative team player, who will work closely with IAM and cross-function teams
Must haves:

Acknowledges the presence of choice in every moment and takes personal responsibility for their life.
Possesses an entrepreneurial spirit and continuously innovates to achieve great results.
Communicates with honesty and kindness and creates the space for others to do the same.
Leads with courage, knowing the possibility of greatness is bigger than the fear of failure.
Fosters connection by putting people first and building trusting relationships.
Integrates fun and joy as a way of being and working, aka doesn’t take themselves too seriously.
NOTE: Only those applicants under consideration will be contacted. Please accept our utmost appreciation for your interest. lululemon is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. Employment decisions are based on merit and business needs, and not on race, color, creed, age, sex, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, military service, pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions or any other classification protected by federal, state or provincial and local laws and ordinances. Reasonable accommodation is available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request. This Equal Employment Opportunity policy applies to all practices relating to recruitment and hiring, compensation, benefits, discipline, transfer, termination and all other terms and conditions of employment. While management is primarily responsible for seeing that lululemon equal employment opportunity policies are implemented, you share in the responsibility for assuring that, by your personal actions, the policies are effective.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less WHY BECOME A DEFINER?

Here at RxDefine we ethically empower people to navigate their health. We believe that every human should have low cost, transparent access to the information, products, and services they need to take full ownership of their health.

We are looking for like-minded people eager to join our team and to help architect the future of life science commercialization through our enterprise SaaS products. We are a small but mighty team of around 60 (for now!) internationally-based colleagues. As we grow, we are looking for Definers who want to join us on our growth journey and who are ALSO committed to our values of teamwork and honesty!

Our founding team has designed and built companies on the consumer front acquired by Google, as well as enterprise tech companies deployed across The Fortune 500. We are backed by some of the best investors in the world, including RRE Ventures, Bling Capital, Founders Fund, Greycroft, and more.

PERKS OF BEING A DEFINER:

Impacting the future of healthcare - your innovations could very likely become the new norm for millions of people.
Working alongside the founders of the company. If you have any entrepreneurial desire to start your own company in the future, you will see first-hand what it takes.
100% fully remote, internationally DISTRIBUTED team, but with frequent opportunities to collaborate in-person.
Technology, office setup & co-working space reimbursement!
Freedom and responsibility to structure your work as you desire. We measure output and results and believe freedom allows for maximum ability.
Unlimited PTO!
Family leave, up to 10 weeks of 100% paid salary.
Open communication - we believe in being transparent and radically honest with no retaliation.
Competitive salary and equity
Medical/dental/vision benefits

CULTURAL VALUES:

Radically Honest, Dedicated, Independent, Dependable, Empathize & Do What's Right

Brief Overview:

Our Senior DevOps Engineer works with other engineers to oversee the code releases. They will create and implement systems software to increase productivity and foster an efficient deterministic testing culture, with an emphasis on minimizing tech debt and bureaucracy. They will encourage smoother communication and integration between the development and operations teams.

Role and Responsibilities - Your day-to-day routine
Participate in architecture development and enhancement
Participate in estimation and planning sessions
Collaborate with engineers to ensure their needs are met when it comes to a local development environment and getting their code to production
Continuously performing vulnerability assessment and risk management
Build continuous integration, continuous development, and constant deployment pipeline
Understand customer requirements and project KPI's
Operate in an autonomous and self-organizing manner
Be a self-starter and deliver value quickly for our customers
Willingness to learn new skills and approaches
Qualifications and Education Requirements:
You have worked as a Devops Engineer at a fast-growing data-driven software company for at least 3 years in a multi-tenant SaaS system
Experience building and maintaining CI/CD
Experience working on a multi-tenant SaaS system
Experience with load balancers and API gateways (like NGINX / HAProxy / Envoy etc.)
Good knowledge in Kubernetes, Terraform, PostgreSQL
Strong knowledge of one or more scripting/programming languages (Python, shell, etc.)
Experience in a compliance environment (HIPAA, SOC2, ISO 27001, any will do)
Experience with security measures like WAF, HIDS, etc

Bonus Qualifications

Experience with Google Cloud (GCP)
Supporting Python-based systems (preferably Django)
Setup and management of CDNs
Experience with RabbitMQ, Redis, Kafka, Clickhouse

RxDefine provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, includingrecruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.

RxDefine Applicant Privacy Notice

#LI-Remote

Show Less Wintrust is a financial holding company with approximately $50 billion assets under management and traded on the NASDAQ:WTFC. Built on the "HAVE IT ALL" model, Wintrust offers sophisticated technology and resources of a large bank while focusing on providing service-based community banking to each and every customer. Wintrust operates fifteen community bank subsidiaries with over 170 banking locations in the greater Chicago and southern Wisconsin market areas. Additionally, Wintrust operates various non-bank business units including commercial and life insurance premium financing, short-term accounts receivable financing, out-sourced administrative services, mortgage origination and purchase, wealth management services and qualified intermediary services for tax-deferred exchanges.

Why join us?

An award-winning culture! We are rated a Top Workplace by the Chicago Tribune (past 8 years) and Employee Recommended award by the Globe & Mail (past 6 years)

Competitive pay and discretionary or incentive bonus eligible

Comprehensive benefit package including medical, dental, vision, life, a 401k plan with a generous company match and tuition reimbursement to name a few

Promote from within culture

Why join this team?

We hold ourselves accountable

We hold ourselves to high standards

We share wins

We operate ethically

We have fun

Position Overview

The Senior Identity and Access Management Engineer will play a key role in building upon Wintrust’s current IAM program and future Client strategy. The role will lead in the design and implementation of Wintrust’s cloud Customer and Identity and Access Management (CIAM) security program. The position provides a unique opportunity to influence the organizations broader long-term IAM strategy.

Areas of Responsibility and Accountability

SR IAM Systems Engineer must have experience in defining Identity & Access Management platform requirements, designing technical solutions and executing on those designs into a highly available, fault tolerant environment.

Understanding of security best practices, administration and governance of Identity and Access Management the products and services including identify and evaluate security gaps.

Excellent communications skills, both written and oral are a requirement for this position.

Will be responsible for day to day management of Identity & Access Management platforms to ensure it is functioning as designed.

Working with various technical teams to ensure we maintain high availability and uninterrupted outage of our production environment.

Demonstrate ability to stay current with all industry trends/best practices, as well as new product releases so that we can maintain a proactive 3-year systems management roadmap.

Ensure at all times all proper documentation is maintained for all aspects of the Identity & Access Management platform

Lead the adoption of the Identity and Access strategy through the documentation of business capability and roadmap developed with architecture.

Ensure all third-party monitoring solutions that are integrated into the Identity & Access Management products are properly documented and function as designed.

Continually work towards optimizing automation and self-service Identity and Access Management capabilities.

Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience.

5 years of progressive hands-on experience in engineering and administration of Identity and Access Management solutions, SailPoint, Okta, and Azure a plus.

Experience in administration of user and role provisioning, connectors, workflow, certificate management, session management, and encryption technologies

Strong analytical and problem-solving skills and demonstrable ability to work independently as well as in a team environment

Experience in building and maintaining Development, QA and Product and Disaster Recovery environments

Well versed in J2EE, Service Oriented Architecture (SOA), Web Services, LDAP, XML and SAML

Knowledge in Federation, SAML, OpenID, OAuth and other industry standard authentication / authorization solutions

Experience programming using the following languages is required: Java/JavaScript, .NET Scripting: PowerShell, VBScript, Perl, Protocols: SQL, LDAP, XML, XSLT, SSL o Web Protocols: HTTPs, HTML, WSDL, SOAP o SSO: SAML 2.0

#LI-REMOTE

From our first day in business, Wintrust has been proud to serve a variety of unique communities and people from all walks of life. To be Chicago’s Bank® and Wisconsin's Bank®, we need to reflect that diversity both in all the communities we serve, the people we employ, the organizations we work with, and our banking and lending practices. Wintrust Financial Corporation, including community banking and financial services subsidiaries, is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expressions, genetic information, marital status, age, disability, or status as a covered veteran or any other characteristic protected by law.

Show Less Working at Atlassian

Atlassian can hire people in any country where we have a legal entity. Assuming you have eligible working rights and a sufficient time zone overlap with your team, you can choose to work remotely or return to an office as they reopen (unless it’s necessary for your role to be performed in the office). Interviews and onboarding are conducted virtually, a part of being a distributed-first company.

Atlassian's Access team is seeking a driven and experienced Software Engineer to join our growing Cloud Security team. Access provides the ability to extend our customer's identity providers to Atlassian cloud offerings from Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, and many more. Innovation is a key to our organization's culture and it is our team's mission to find innovative solutions to better our administrative experiences in the identity and policy management space.
As part of Atlassian's Cloud Security team, you will be working on various strategic objectives part of our customer cloud adoption and transformation. You will be responsible for developing and hosting a highly available control plane built using micro-services-based architecture. Using this portal our customer administrators will be able to configure and connect to their corporate identity providers of choice. They also have the ability to customize their authentication and authorization flows using custom policies to prevent unauthorized access. You get to define how customers and their users connect to the Atlassian cloud offerings like Jira, Confluence, BitBucket, Trello, and JSM (Jira Service Management). The Admins will also be able to manage the lifecycle of customer API Tokens used for API access. You will be using industry-standard cloud-native components and protocols towards establishing secure practices while simplifying the end-user experience.
In this role, you'll get to:
Develop new features and products that are used by employees every day
Collaborate with product managers, designers, and other engineers to identify the best ways to deliver high-quality experiences to our customers
Work alongside a team of engineers, contributing to the team culture through your passion, creativity, and experience
Learn and grow as an engineer through various career development opportunities
Succeed, fail, and learn together with other talented people
On your first day, we'll expect you to have:
1-2 years of software development experience
Fluency in modern, object-oriented programming languages such as JavaScript & Java
General familiarity with cloud environments such as AWS or GCP
Knowledge of agile software development methodologies (e.g., XP, scrum)
Excellent time management, communication, and organizational skills
It's great, but not required if you have:
Experience or knowledge of the reactive programming paradigm
Experience building web applications and REST-based APIs on top of relational or NoSQL databases
Experience with modern web application frameworks, such as Spring Boot, and NodeJS
Familiarity with developer tools like BitBucket, Jira & Confluence
Experience using AWS, Kubernetes, and Docker containers
Front-end JavaScript, CSS, and HTML experience, ideally using modern frameworks like React will be a plus

Our perks & benefits

To support you at work and play, our perks and benefits include ample time off, an annual education budget, paid volunteer days, and so much more.

About Atlassian

The world’s best teams work better together with Atlassian. From medicine and space travel, to disaster response and pizza deliveries, Atlassian software products help teams all over the planet. At Atlassian, we're motivated by a common goal: to unleash the potential of every team.

We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians create our success. To ensure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience, we never discriminate based on race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

To learn more about our culture and hiring process, explore our Candidate Resource Hub.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less Year Round

AUTHENTICITY | PASSION | COMMUNITY | INNOVATION | ADVENTURE

Alterra Mountain Company is a family of 15 iconic year-round mountain destinations, the world‚Äôs largest heli-skiing operation, and Ikon Pass - the premier ski and snowboard season pass offering access to more than 50 iconic mountain destinations around the world.

Headquartered in Denver, Colorado and born out of a shared love of the mountains and adventure, the company has brought together some of the world‚Äôs most aspirational brands, including: Steamboat and Winter Park in Colorado; Palisades Tahoe, Mammoth Mountain, June Mountain and Big Bear Mountain Resort in California; Stratton Mountain and Sugarbush Resort in Vermont; Snowshoe Mountain in West Virginia; Tremblant in Quebec and Blue Mountain in Ontario, Canada; Crystal Mountain in Washington; Deer Valley Resort and Solitude Mountain Resort in Utah; and CMH Heli-Skiing & Summer Adventures in British Columbia. Also included in the portfolio is Alpine Aerotech, a worldwide helicopter support and maintenance service center in British Columbia, Canada, and Aspenware, the ski industry leader in technology services and e-commerce, and Ski Butlers, the global leader in ski and snowboard rental delivery.

A career with Alterra Mountain Company is more than what you do today; it‚Äôs being part of creating a community rooted in the spirit of the mountains, united by a passion for adventure, and celebrating the legendary adventures and enduring memories that mountains bring to everyone.

BESIDES WORKING SOMEWHERE AWESOME, WHAT‚ÄôS IN IT FOR YOU?

Free Ikon Base Pass for all eligible employees, with additional free skiing + riding privileges across the family of Alterra Mountain Company resorts for all eligible employees and their dependents
Discounted skiing + riding for friends and family of eligible employees across the family of Alterra Mountain Company Resorts
Flexible Time Off (FTO) and Paid Time Off (PTO) policies for eligible employees to rest, relax and recharge
Generous discounts on outdoor gear, apparel, rental cars, etc.
Medical, dental, vision, life, AD&D, short term & long-term disability insurance, EAP, HSAs, FSAs, and more
401(k) plan with generous company match
Discounted tuition with partner online university for all Alterra Mountain Company employees to further their education
Paid parental leave of up to 6 weeks for eligible employees
Commuter benefits (Denver employees only)
Alterra Mountain Company office located in Denver‚Äôs RiNo Art District neighborhood

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily with or without reasonable accommodations.

POSITION SUMMARY

The Systems Engineer, Identity and Access will be a key individual of the Enterprise Directory Services Team that will conceptualize, design, and implement identity management systems for a diverse operational ecosystem. The ideal candidate is someone with broad technical experience in Active Directory technologies, Azure AD, SSO, and other components of AD domain and forest management. This role will be focused on the engineering and management of our many domains and forest, leading with best practice-based design principles and proscriptive technical guidance. The team is responsible for delivering strategic recommendations to many operations teams, working towards resolving technical debt, providing support for new strategic initiatives, and solutioning for the future. This role will have significant engineering oversight over Identity for the enterprise, and the future of workforce identity at Alterra.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES

General Responsibilities:

Responsible for timely delivery of projects as assigned by the Sr. Mgr of Enterprise Architecture

Envision, design, and manage identity solutions with a strong natural grasp for IT fundamentals in systems and applications, especially as it relates to authentication and authorization

Assist in leading a cross functional project team that will be responsible for designing and implementing a single workforce identity for all current operational domains, applications, and operational disciplines

Act as a SME and lead the planning, design, implementation, and ongoing management of enterprise-wide domain management, partnering with operations teams in the iterative improvement of business supporting infrastructure

Lead in the maintenance of Microsoft on-prem and cloud IAM environments, with Azure Active Directory and Hybrid Identities

Have a strong understanding of certification, authentication, and identity; including Directory Services, Active Directory, LDAP, PKI, MFA, SSO, SAML, OAuth, OpenID, Access Mgmt, Adaptive and Risk Based authentication, including on-prem to cloud hybrid authentication with multi-domain sources

Collaborate closely with IT Security and Risk departments to ensure Identity services are constructed and maintained in a manner consistent with access/identity management, data privacy, security, vulnerability, DR/BCP, and other risk management requirements

Identify functional and operational requirements with other IT teams, making service/solution recommendations within selected environments to ensure all requirements are met, this may include tooling selection for accomplishing strategic goals or meeting project requirements

Work directly in Azure and On-Prem AD environments to deploy, manage, and transform legacy Identity models to newer, modern standards

Utilize a data-driven, objective approach to inform decision-making, and provide and maintain clearly written documentation for technical and/or nontechnical teams, including support documentation for the helpdesk and application development teams

Travel Required

Yes
No

Travel details (if required):

Occasional travel to our mountain resort locations to support and establish working relationships for collaboration.

COMPETENCIES & JOB REQUIREMENTS

Required:

Comprehensive understanding and demonstrated experience in Microsoft technologies including Azure AD, LDAP, domain and forest management, user, computer, and application/data migrations between environments

Comprehensive understanding and on-hand experience of IAM and related technologies, including AD, Directory Services, SSO, LDAP, PKI, Cloud Virtual/Meta Directories, Auth protocols (SAML, OpenID, OAuth), PAM, and RBAC

Expert level proficiency writing PowerShell scripts, and specific ability to manage Active Directory and Azure AD

Expert level knowledge of deploying and supporting authentication and access technologies in cloud with registered applications, and providing engineered solutions to resolve on-prem authentication for legacy applications

Advanced level knowledge of best practice in the design and support of Active Directory architectures, management and support of those systems

Preferred:

Functional knowledge of Enterprise technologies including, but not limited to, VMware (Hypervisors), SDWAN, Palo Alto Firewalls, Cisco Core and Distributed switching, vSAN/HCI with HPE and Dell Servers

Working knowledge of SQL and related database applications (authentication methods and support models)

Hands-on experience administering Microsoft hybrid environments such as hybrid Exchange and SharePoint

Functional level knowledge of Office 365 services including Exchange Online, Teams, hybrid configurations, Intune, and SharePoint

Working knowledge of Infrastructure as Code (IaC) methodologies including the use of Git repositories for code, and CI/CD pipelines for applying the code to the infrastructure

Formal training and certification in ITSM framework such as ITIL V3

EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE

Required:

Bachelor‚Äôs Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field; or the equivalent in education and work experience

WORK EXPERIENCE

Required:

5+ years of general experience in enterprise-class IAM Engineering, Systems Administration, with demonstrated growth in scale/scope of responsibility to include large-scale, hybrid environments

5+ years of specific experience in Server and Directory Services technology administration

3+ years of recent experience in managing large scale cloud environments, with specific demonstrated expertise in Azure

Preferred:

3+ years of immediate experience in cloud-hosted IAM and Device management using ZTNA principles

3+ years of immediate experience in application and/or infrastructure solution architecture

LICENSES & CERTIFICATIONS

Required:

Certified MS or AZ Roles, or equivalent experience in Azure and Microsoft technologies

Preferred:

Advanced specific training and certifications in Azure AD, Ping, Okta, or Auth0

Other certifications in an Infrastructure Discipline/Role (MS, AZ, MD) or equivalent certifications/training (AWS, Citrix, VMware, etc)

The base salary range below represents the low and high end of the Alterra Mtn Co Shared Services Inc. salary range for this position. Actual salaries will vary and may be above or below the range based on various factors including but not limited to experience, education, training, location, merit system, quantity or quality of production, responsibilities, and regular and/or necessary travel. The range listed is just one component of Alterra Mtn Co Shared Services Inc.‚Äôs total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include short-term and long-term incentives and many region-specific benefits.

Denver area base salary range: $85,000 - $128,000 per year

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to walk, talk, see, hear, and operate a computer and other office productivity machinery.

WORKING CONDITIONS

Indoor/Outdoor: While performing the duties of this job, the employee may be exposed to harsh and varying outside weather conditions.

Hazardous Materials/Noise: The noise level in the work place is usually moderate.

This job description is not an exhaustive list of all functions and responsibilities that an employee may be required to perform in this position. Alterra Mtn Co Shared Services Inc. and its affiliates reserve the right to modify, increase, decrease, suspend, and or eliminate any of the essential duties and/or the position in its entirety.

This job description is not an express or implied contract, guarantee, promise, or covenant of employment for any set term or duration, or for termination only for cause.

Employment with Alterra Mtn Co Shared Services Inc. or any of its affiliates is ‚Äúat will‚Äù meaning either party may terminate the employment relationship at any time with or without cause and with or without notice.

This position is located in Colorado, and the work is primarily in Denver, CO and, as such, employment in this position is subject to the labor and employment laws of the state of Colorado.

Alterra Mtn Co Shared Services Inc. and its affiliates are equal opportunity employers and maintain drug-free workplaces. All employees and candidates are reminded that Alterra Mtn Co Shared Services Inc. and its affiliates adhere to all applicable labor and employment laws, and State, County, and City-specific labor and employment regulations, where applicable.

Show Less YOUR LIFE'S MISSION: POSSIBLE

You have goals, dreams, hobbies and things you’re passionate about.


What’s Important to You Is Important to Us
We’re looking for people who not only want to do meaningful, challenging work, keep their skills sharp and move ahead, but who also take time for the things that matter to them—friends, family and passions. And we're looking for team members who are passionate about our mission—making a difference in military members' and their families' lives. Together, we can make it happen.


Don’t take our word for it.

Military Times 2021 Best for Vets Employers
WayUp Top 100 Internship Programs
Forbes® 2021 The Best Employers for New Grads
Forbes® America's Best Employers
Newsweek Top 100 Most Loved Workplaces
2021 People Companies that Care
FortuneBest Workplaces for Women
Fortune100 Best Companies to Work For®
FortuneBest Workplaces for Millennials
Computerworld® Best Places to Work in IT

Basic Purpose

To research, evaluate, design, implement, and maintain system and product solutions, applying knowledge of engineering principles related to Client Identity Access, Authorization, and Authentication (IAM). To provide technical direction and engineering support for projects and infrastructure build for IAM solutions. Develop and maintain a working knowledge of evolving IT engineering industry technologies/competition, vendors, concepts, and trends directly related to Identity, Authorization, and Authentication for business to client (e.g., Navy Federal Online Banking and other channels).

Responsibilities:


Administer and provide support for IAM applications (e.g., RSA, Daon, Forgerock, Ping, Azure, SiteMinder components, policy servers, databases, and directories)
Setup, configure and manage Policy servers, Web agents, Secure Proxy Server, and Federation
Full life-cycle project management
Establish and lead project teams
Develop project plan/scope/schedule/cost/communications
Procure and/or manage resources/timelines/deadlines/quality
Understand Risk, Issue, and Change management process
Ensure successful project implementation
Apply engineering principles into the design and enhancement of new and existing systems
Document new system components or modifications to existing components
Ensure the security and integrity of system and product solutions, including compliance with Navy Federal, industry engineering, and Information Security principles and practices
Perform engineering tasks and assignments in support of business needs
Perform engineering technology research, procurement, deployment, and configuration for new and modified systems
Present clear, organized, and concise information to all audiences through a variety of media to enable effective business decisions
Perform other duties as assigned

Qualifications:


Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration, Information Technology or the equivalent combination of training, education, and experience
Experience with Employee or Client level Identity and Access Management tools.
Familiarity with engineering discipline and IAM applications (e.g., RSA, Daon, Forgerock, Ping, Azure, SiteMinder components, policy servers, databases, and directories)
Effective database and presentation software skills
Effective organizational, planning, and time management skills
Effective research, analytical, and problem-solving skills
Effective skills exercising initiative and using good judgment to make sound decisions
Effective knowledge of data security practices and procedures, including systems analysis, authentication technologies, and access controls. Priorities will be given to those with effective knowledge and skill in UNIX/Linux system administration and scripting, Identity Federation, SAML, JBoss, and Directory Services/LDAP.
Strong research, analytical, and problem-solving skills
Strong verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills, including proficiency in negotiating and persuading others

Desired Qualifications:


Experience with Agile methodologies (e.g., SAFe)
Experience with multiple open-source authentication protocols, including SAML, OAuth, and OpenID
Experience with Ping Identity products
Experience with Azure Active Directory Federation
Knowledge of the financial industry
Experience with Daon IdentityX Platform
Experience with CA SiteMinder components, policy servers, databases, and directories
Experience with Azure Kubernetes and Docker services

Hours: Monday - Friday, 8:00am - 4:30pm

Location: 820 Follin Lane, Vienna, VA 22180 | 5550 Heritage Oaks Dr Pensacola, FL 32526 | 141 Security Dr. Winchester, VA 22602 | Remote


Navy Federal is now hybrid! Our standard enterprise requirement for a hybrid schedule is to report onsite 4-16 days each month. The number of days reporting onsite will ultimately be determined by the employee's leadership and business unit needs. You will learn more throughout the hiring and onboarding process.

Salary: Navy Federal Credit Union assesses market data to establish salary ranges that enable us to remain competitive. You are paid within the salary range, based on your experience, location and market position.

The salary range for this position is: $72,300 to $156,100 Annual

Equal Employment Opportunity

Navy Federal values, celebrates, and enacts diversity in the workplace. Navy Federal takes affirmative action to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities, disabled veterans, Armed Forces service medal veterans, recently separated veterans, and other protected veterans. EOE/AA/M/F/Veteran/Disability

COVID-19 Safety Protocols

All employees are expected to follow our COVID-19 safety protocols.

Disclaimer

Navy Federal reserves the right to fill this role at a higher/lower grade level based on business need. An assessment may be required to compete for this position.

Bank Secrecy Act

Remains cognizant of and adheres to Navy Federal policies and procedures, and regulations pertaining to the Bank Secrecy Act.

Employee Referrals

This position is eligible for the TalentQuest employee referral program. If an employee referred you for this job, please apply using the system-generated link that was sent to you.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less Your Role

The Identity Engineering team is responsible for the design, engineering, and operations of the Authentication and Authorization capabilities within the IAM department. The Identity Engineer, Consultant will report to the Identity Engineering Sr. Manager. In this role, you will provide ongoing support, request fulfillment of the related services, and provide escalation and support to internal application teams and team members.


Your Work

In this role, you will:

Operates as the subject matter expert in Directory and Identity solutions
Carries out operational, strategic activities, and change management of all impact and risk levels.
Engages in Incident Response, Audit, and Disaster Recovery practices. Directs remediation work as required internally.
Participates and represents Identity Engineering within the organization at architectural, design, engineering engagements, and project efforts.
Defines, publishes and maintains Directory & Identity standards, and operational documentation.
Maintain awareness of current direction and changes in Directory, and Identity technologies.
Lead proof-of-concept and prototyping efforts in both an infrastructure design and engineering capacity - collects, analyzes, and documents results; produces summaries and recommendations.
Participates in on-call responsibilities.
Other duties as assigned.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less 