Abbott is a global healthcare leader that helps people live more fully at all stages of life. Our portfolio of life-changing technologies spans the spectrum of healthcare, with leading businesses and products in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals and branded generic medicines. Our 113,000 colleagues serve people in more than 160 countries.

Our location in Abbott Park, Illinois currently has an opportunity for a Director, Identity and Access Management.

As part of the Infrastructure Services Leadership Team, the Director of Identity and Access Management will be responsible for managing the IAM operations, programs and staff for all of Abbott and its affiliates. The Director is responsible for building, leading, and executing the IAM strategies and initiatives along with developing and driving the execution of standard automated and self-service driven processes to enhance the productivity of the Abbott workforce while also enhancing its security posture. In this position, you will work collaboratively with peers and stakeholders to influence technical and business projects to adopt the IAM strategies. Additionally, this role will identify and execute on strategies core to internal business processes as well as partnering with external providers and business partners to securely enable their digital access into Abbott’s enterprise. This position reports directly to the DVP of Infrastructure Services and will manage a global team with 4-5 direct reports.


WHAT YOU’LL DO

Develop and define the vision, strategy, framework and roadmaps for global identity and access management including SSO, federation, MFA, Privileged Access Management, provisioning, access certification and role-based access control
Lead a team of professionals to architect, implement and operate, the organization’s identity and access management strategy, inclusive of staying current on the latest identity management trends, understanding business requirements and opportunities for automation, self-service and productivity gains, evaluating technologies to meet these strategies, and continuing to mature the IAM program
Establish IAM continuity strategy to support Disaster Recovery programs
Manage and execute operational activities such as processing of system access requests, supporting new employee orientation, and processing all policy and regulatory required activities
Developing and managing key metrics (KPIs) and executing on improvements while liaising and managing key vendors to support the overall IAM program
Assist with IAM related audits and handling of internal and external audit requests
Provide leadership to support other Abbott IT projects and operations that require IAM services
Develop functional goals and objectives
Create, track, and manage annual operating, capital, and project budgets


Key Success for the Position:

Develop and foster relationships with critical stakeholders throughout Abbott Information Technology Teams and Business Divisions worldwide to effectively manage change
Leverage existing processes, or identify opportunities to integrate or develop processes to enable the business to move more quickly and avoid redundant processes
Attract and retain talent, and ensure staff development (leadership, cross-functional, technical, global perspective). Promote and foster diversity
Provide access administration, reporting, recertification, audit response, and SLA delivery for Enterprise IT environments
Manage an operating budget and project spend with financial discipline; Establish and maintain a resource model that can flex as needed


EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE YOU’LL BRING

Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Business or related. Master’s degree preferred.
15+ years of various experience in Information Technology with a minimum of 5 years of management experience related to Identity and Access Management
Collaborative and transformational leader striving to improve the enterprise identity and access security
Extensive experience with IAM operations, development, engineering, architecture, auditing, and delivery including operational management methodologies leveraging ITSM principles and DevOps
Experience and demonstrated knowledge of technologies and tools including active directory, Azure AD, Privileged Access Management, BeyondTrust, SailPoint, CyberArk, Ping, Okta and password vaulting solutions
Understanding software development principles for the establishment of new technology capabilities and functionality, the engineering principles for running and managing technology platforms necessary to deliver IAM capabilities, and delivery principles for ensuring the timely release of new functionality
Experience developing role-based access control strategy and production implementation
Experience in defining, implementing, and executing IAM shared services across a global enterprise
Ability to build and maintain collaborative working relationships with information technology, enterprise security and business personnel to design and execute appropriate controls
Support governance, risk and compliance and enterprise security efforts and initiatives
Extensive experience working with IT vendors, suppliers and managed services providers
Ability to bring insight, knowledge, best practices and feedback to strategic discussions
Excellent presentation, communication, negotiation, influence and collaboration skills
Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate technical and business issues and solutions to multiple organizational levels internally and externally
Strong leadership and organizational skills with the ability to adapt quickly to changing priorities and assignments

WHAT WE OFFER

At Abbott, you can have a good job that can grow into a great career. We offer:

Training and career development, with onboarding programs for new employees and tuition assistance
Financial security through competitive compensation, incentives and retirement plans
Health care and well-being programs including medical, dental, vision, wellness and occupational health programs
Paid time off
401(k) retirement savings with a generous company match
The stability of a company with a record of strong financial performance and history of being actively involved in local communities

Learn more about our benefits that add real value to your life to help you live fully: www.abbottbenefits.com

Follow your career aspirations to Abbott for diverse opportunities with a company that provides the growth and strength to build your future. Abbott is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to employee diversity.

Connect with us at www.abbott.com, on Facebook at www.facebook.com/Abbott and on Twitter @AbbottNews and @AbbottGlobal

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less About Citi:

Citi, the leading global bank, has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. Citi provides consumers, corporations, governments, and institutions with a broad range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, transaction services, and wealth management.

As a bank with a brain and a soul, Citi creates economic value that is systemically responsible and in our clients’ best interests. As a financial institution that touches every region of the world and every sector that shapes your daily life, our Enterprise Operations & Technology teams are charged with a mission that rivals any large tech company. Our technology solutions are the foundations of everything we do from keeping the bank safe, managing global resources, and providing the technical tools our workers need to be successful to designing our digital architecture and ensuring our platforms provide a first-class customer experience. We reimagine client and partner experiences to deliver excellence through secure, reliable, and efficient services.

Our commitment to diversity includes a workforce that represents the clients we serve from all walks of life, backgrounds, and origins. We foster an environment where the best people want to work. We value and demand respect for others, promote individuals based on merit, and ensure opportunities for personal development are widely available to all. Ideal candidates are innovators with well-rounded backgrounds who bring their authentic selves to work and complement our culture of delivering results with pride. If you are a problem solver who seeks passion in your work, come join us. We’ll enable growth and progress together.

The Role:

The SAML & Federation Technical Lead will be responsible for interacting with the business partners to understand their business requirement and integrate them with the 3rd party application using federated solution. The position is customer facing providing global support role that will support regulatory and external audit requests for the Citi Chief Information Security Office (CISO). This role sits on the Global L3 Authentication Operations Team in the Cyber Security Services (CSS) organization and reports to the Global Sec Ops Operations Manager.

This is a senior level position responsible for the management of a team/department to prevent, monitor and respond to information/data breaches and cyber-attacks. The core objective is to ensure the execution of Information Security directives and activities in alignment with Citi's data security policy. The ideal candidates will be comfortable integrating the applications with the SAML products, troubleshooting, documenting and working with the business throughout the SDLC (Development/Staging/Production).

Responsibilities:

Work with SMEs of Internal and External Audits
Collect and share evidence
Organize and share audit walkthrough calls
Drive compliance of Processes, Infrastructure, and Applications with Citi Policies
Ensure the teams follow the issue management standards and contribute to an Effective Management Control Assessment
Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made
Demonstrate appropriate consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients, and assets by driving compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and Citi Policy
Apply sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, while escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency

Qualifications:

5-6 years’ relevant Information Security experience per specifications below
Self-motivated with the ability to work independently and as a team member with minimal direction
24/7 operational infrastructure support model
Quick learner with the ability to work autonomously to bring tasks through to completion
Must be capable of multitasking and working diligently under reasonable pressure
Excellent communication and leadership skills

Required technical skills:

SME knowledge on the SAML federation products for the various use cases like IDP, SP, WS, OAuth, etc.
Working knowledge of Unix and Red Hat Linux OS
Hands on troubleshooting experience with fiddler / IE http header
Strong foundation of network related concepts like DNS, LB, TCP, DMZ, etc.
Strong knowledge of software security for Web and Mobile Applications
Understanding of Java based application and experience in writing test and use cases
Understanding of Software Development LiveCycle’s (SDLC)

Preferred skills:

PING Federation product experience is a plus
Experience with PING Access
Compliance and Risk Management experience
Knowledge in the LDAP (Unbound directory or CA directory or Oracle directory)

Education:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or 4 year equivalent degree
ITIL and/or CISSP certifications strongly preferred

This job description provides a high-level review of the types of work performed. Other job-related duties may be assigned as required.

-

Job Family Group:

Technology

-

Job Family:

Information Security

-

Time Type:

Full time

-

Primary Location:

Irving Texas United States

-

Primary Location Salary Range:

$116,880.00 - $175,320.00

-

Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi”) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity review Accessibility at Citi.

View the "EEO is the Law" poster. View the EEO is the Law Supplement.

View the EEO Policy Statement.

View the Pay Transparency Posting

-

Effective November 1, 2021, Citi requires that all successful applicants for positions located in the United States or Puerto Rico be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 as a condition of employment and provide proof of such vaccination prior to commencement of employment.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportAbout Lumen
Lumen is guided by our belief that humanity is at its best when technology advances the way we live and work. With 450,000 route fiber miles serving customers in more than 60 countries, we deliver the fastest, most secure global platform for applications and data to help businesses, government and communities deliver amazing experiences. Learn more about Lumen’s network, edge cloud, security and communication and collaboration solutions and our purpose to further human progress through technology at news.lumen.com, LinkedIn: /lumentechnologies, Twitter: @lumentechco, Facebook: /lumentechnologies, Instagram: @lumentechnologies and YouTube: /lumentechnologies.

The Role

The Sr. SAP application Security & GRC lead responsible for the on-going discovery, analysis, and overall recommendation for cost alignment initiatives associated with the IT Services and New Market Development organization. The candidate for this role should be capable of documenting the decision-making criteria for a business decision.

The Sr. SAP application Security & GRC lead is an accomplished technical leader, proactive customer-focused advocate, a team player with substantial technology experience across multiple Industry verticals and solutions. The candidate must have hands-on experience with enterprise level software development, integration, and implementation of specified technological areas, which includes knowledge of applicable processes, methodologies, standards, products, and frameworks. The candidate should have an advanced understanding of SAP products/components expert of SAP Security Concepts and demonstrate full technical competence. Documents SAP Security design and administration processes, creates and updates operational guides and monitors existing operational guides for consistency and completeness. Works with business teams to develop implement and improve on existing security controls. Assure SAP security configuration compliance with standards and SOX controls. Develop and Maintain roles and end user authorities. Perform segregation of duties and sensitive access analysis during the development/maintenance of roles. Perform SAP GRC configuration, administration, and maintenance.

The Main Responsibilities
Plan and execute client engagements focusing on SAP GRC, SAP security and audit readiness of SAP environments
Develop and implement SAP security solutions to protect SAP systems from both internal and external threats
Work with clients to identify opportunities for improvement in the areas of SAP GRC, SAP security and SAP controls
Responsible for delivering three core departmental responsibilities: Segregation of Duties (SoD) Analysis, GRC Administrator, and SAP Application security and user Provisioning Support
Manage SAP GRC 12 Access Control and Process Control configuration and functions
Partner with business units and Internal Audit to ensure proper separation of duties among roles and responsibilities set per role and environment
Maintain documentation on Roles, GRC, Fiori and separation of duties
Assist with IT audit functions relating to identity and access management
Documentation updates including SOPs, Work Instructions and Knowledge articles
Supervise Associates/Senior Associates on engagements
Support proposal and business development activities by assisting in the identification of new target clients, building business relationships with key executives and developing/presenting proposals
All other duties as assigned or directed
What We Look For in a Candidate
Minimum Ten years of recent experience in any of the following areas: SAP audit, SAP controls, SAP security design/re-design, SAP GRC implementation
Minimum of 5 years' work experience in IT Risk Management, SOX compliance and/or auditing with a strong background in IT controls
Minimum Four years of SAP security experience on SAP HANA security
Preferred to have security experience in area like SAP RAR (Revenue accounting and reporting) module, Hybris security, EWM, APO, BOBJ, Data service SAP BPC & BW security
In depth SAP security, HANA Security, Fiori security & GRC knowledge and architecture skill
Preferred experience with SAP IAG and GRC 12.0
Experience with configuration of GRC module (ARA, ARM, EAM, BRM) with configuration parameter, workflow and data source and workflow tasks.
Experience with SAP BRF+ (Specific to GRC), MSMP and troubleshooting skills to identify the issues related to BRF & MSMP.
Strong knowledge and understanding of SAP Technologies and Methodologies Expert in Detailed Planning & Blueprinting of Security Implementations should understand advanced security area like identity theft, data security breaches, data leakages cloud and cyber security
Setting up and updating new functions (Adding and removing T-Codes) and risks in the ARA module as needed.
Setting up new controllers, owners, and role approvers.
Understanding of GRC integration to IDM solutions using SAP GRC Webservices for user creation, termination, and provisioning.
Setting up Mitigation controls and monitor the usage of mitigation controls.
Excellent written and verbal communication, facilitation, and presentation skills with the ability to gain the confidence and respect of senior level executives
Travel as needed
Education and other Qualifications
Master Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or other related technical field
Technical field or equivalent profession experience listed for the position
Ability to communicate clearly and professionally with all levels of the organization, both written and verbal
Ability to work well in a team environment, to collaborate with others, and interface with team members internal and external to the organization
Establishes and maintains effective professional relationships with internal and external stakeholders
Must be able to adapt to organizational change
Flexibility and ability to plan, prioritize, and execute multiple tasks in a fast paced environment
Self-motivated, well-organized, and detail oriented
Ability to work with customers to elicit complex requirements and translate them into manageable and implementable work units.

Requisition #: 318772

EEO Statement
We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all persons regardless of race, color, ancestry, citizenship, national origin, religion, veteran status, disability, genetic characteristic or information, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, family status, pregnancy, or other legally protected status (collectively, “protected statuses”). We do not tolerate unlawful discrimination in any employment decisions, including recruiting, hiring, compensation, promotion, benefits, discipline, termination, job assignments or training.

Disclaimer
The above job definition information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Job duties and responsibilities are subject to change based on changing business needs and conditions.


Salary Range
Salary Min :

100440

Salary Max :

223680

This information reflects the anticipated base salary range for this position based on current national data. Minimums and maximums may vary based on location. Individual pay is based on skills, experience and other relevant factors.

This position is eligible for either short-term incentives or sales compensation. Director and VP positions also are eligible for long-term incentive. To learn more about our bonus structure, you can view additional information here. We're able to answer any additional questions you may have as you move through the selection process.

As part of our comprehensive benefits package, Lumen offers a broad range of Health, Life, Voluntary Lifestyle and other benefits and perks that enhance your physical, mental, emotional and financial wellbeing. You can learn more by clicking here.

Note: For union-represented postings, wage rates and ranges are governed by applicable collective bargaining agreement provisions.

Salary Range
Salary Min :

100440

Salary Max :

223680

This information reflects the base salary pay range for this job based on current national market data. Ranges may vary based on the job's location. We offer competitive pay that varies based on individual experience, qualifications and other relevant factors. We encourage you to apply to positions that you are interested in and for which you believe you are qualified. To learn more, you are welcome to discuss with us as you move through the selection process.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less ABOUT THE ROLE

Second Front Systems (2F) is seeking a motivated Director of IT to support our team. We are a fast-growing entrepreneurial team working at the convergence of technology and national security. The work will be dynamic and wide-ranging with Operations supporting the deployment and scale of our Game Warden platform.

As the Director of IT at Second Front Systems, your responsibilities are to integrate and manage business and security tools that support the entire Second Front team, including responding to outages and providing technical assistance to other team members when required. You will be responsible for helping to select the right tools that enable Second Front’s business, and ensure that those tools can be integrated with existing IT systems, and can be implemented with advanced security features to limit the risk of data loss. You’ll champion automation to reduce cost, both in manual engineering effort and dollars. You’ll prioritize documentation that allows both internal and external end-users to clearly understand our systems and processes. You will be leading a small team of IT specialists, which will include employees, contractors, and interns. Finally, you are responsible for learning new things, solving big problems, speaking your mind, and contributing to a culture of diversity, innovation, and excellence.‍

Note: This position requires U.S. citizenship due to government contract requirements.

What You’ll Do

Our IT team is responsible for building and delivering cloud-native tools and services for Second Front business and product teams, with an emphasis on automation and security.

Specific tasks include:

Perform IT support duties as directed
Provide remote management and security of end user devices
Coordinate with infrastructure team for security and monitoring of cloud services
Build and maintain an identity access and a management system that syncs across multiple business systems, creating a seamless user experience
Track physical equipment and software licenses for company purchased products
Operate and maintain a trouble ticket system, integrated with company messaging systems
Implement automation to create efficiencies in IT process for both hardware and software
Ensure documentation of our systems and processes
Coordinate activities with CTO and COO

Skills You’ll Bring to Our Team

Able to be a positive influence on the company
Comfortable working on complex IT problems, striving to find unique solutions to problems.
Always try to get to Yes, rather than telling users No.
Ability to research and analyze product offerings for business systems and security tools for implementation by the company
Experience solving complex and sometimes ill-defined problems
Extensive knowledge of GSuite, LDAP, and Okta integration and administration
Extensive knowledge of API integrations and automation scripting
Knowledge of AWS cloud administration and security configurations
Excellent communication skills to create and implement IT policies and procedures
7-10 years of relevant experience

Preferred Qualifications

Able to obtain a Secret-level security clearance
Certification in cloud administration, network administration, IT operations, or cybersecurity
Have a strong interest in matters of national security

Success at 2F Looks Like:

Viewing obstacles as opportunities for growth
Having a bias toward action and tangible, measurable results
Striving to be both compassionate and direct with your feedback
Being team-oriented and inclusive with your actions

Perks & Benefits

This role is a full-time role. As a public benefit corporation, we’re a team of purpose-driven trailblazers transforming the future of U.S. national security. We hire the best to do their best and, as such, we are committed to providing the perks and benefits you need to be successful—both in- and outside the workplace.

We offer you:

Competitive Salary
Healthcare, vision and dental coverage
401(k) + 3% company contribution
Wellness perks (Fitness classes, mental health resources)
Equity incentive plan
Tech + office supplies stipend
Annual professional development stipend
Flexible paid time off + federal holidays off
Parental leave
Work from anywhere
Referral Bonus

Visit our careers page to learn more.
WHO WE ARE
At Second Front Systems (2F), we equip defense and national security professionals for long-term, continuous competition for access to emerging technologies. Founded by two former U.S. Marines with firsthand experience of the dangers outdated technology poses in combat, our team is dedicated to fast-tracking government access to disruptive, commercially-proven technology for U.S. national security missions.

Our Game Warden product, a fully managed and compliant DevSecOps platform, accelerates the process for accrediting software as a service (SaaS) applications for government use.

Learn how 2F can help you make an impact on national security missions at www.secondfront.com

ONE LAST THING…
Research shows that candidates from underrepresented backgrounds often don't apply for roles if they don't meet all the criteria

We strongly encourage you to apply if you’re interested—We'd love to know how you can amplify our team with your unique experience.
Show Less Administrative and Billing Director - Contigo Health Network

This position has primary responsibility for oversight and management of network revenue recognition and client billing activities for Contigo Health’s Network division. Key activities include:

Lead and manage the daily activities of the billing and administrative network team.
Analyze client agreements and amendments to recognize revenue following Generally Accepted Accounting Procedures (GAAP).
Working closely with Premier’s finance team, develop and support the reporting needed for the network client billing process. Lead monthly calls with management to ensure billing are accurate and complete
Working with the network and operational leadership, develop and manage a portfolio of operational performance reports to identify opportunities for network performance improvement.
Define business need and logic for reporting for the network technology team to develop reports needed to manage the network, billing, and sales activities.
Oversee the disruption and geo-access analysis and reporting, repricing analysis, and other network adequacy reports to support sales and account management.
Identify operational issues by analyzing operational reports and providing insight into the root-causes. Assist in the resolution of operational issues as needed
Support sales and account management through standing and ad-hoc reporting and analysis that require operational analytic expertise.
Analyze monthly operational and economic variance reports for Executive review.
Develop and review monthly detailed revenue forecasts with the Executive Management team.
Create ad hoc reports needed to understand and analyze the current state and project various scenarios needed for business development.

What we're looking for:

Required Qualifications
Work Experience:
Applicable Experience
Skills & Experience:
Billing Process, Invoice Processing, Root Cause Problem Solving
Education:
Bachelors (Required)

In order to comply with applicable legal obligations, Premier requires employees to provide proof of full vaccination against COVID-19. We will consider requests for disability or religious accommodations during the recruiting process as needed. Premier will also observe state laws related to vaccination, as applicable.

Relevant Experience to include:
Knowledge of medical billing/claims process
Healthcare experience
Leading a team, with direct reports
Education:
Masters Degree
#LI-Remote
#LI-SM1


Premier’s compensation philosophy is to ensure that compensation is reasonable, equitable, and competitive in order to attract and retain talented and highly skilled employees. Premier’s internal salary range for this role is $99,000 - $185,000. Final salary is dependent upon several market factors including, but not limited to, departmental budgets, internal equity, education, unique skills/experience, and geographic location. Premier utilizes a wide-range salary structure to allow base salary flexibility within our ranges.

Employees also receive access to the following benefits:
Health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance
401k retirement program
Paid time off
Participation in Premier’s employee incentive plans
Tuition reimbursement and professional development opportunities
Premier at a glance:
Ranked #1 on Charlotte’s Healthiest Employers list for 2019, 2020 and 2022, and 49th Healthiest Employer in America (2022)
Named one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies® by Ethisphere® Institute for the 13th year in a row
The only company to be recognized by KLAS twice for Overall Healthcare Management Consulting

Employees receive:
Perks and discounts
Access to on-site and online exercise classes
Paid time off to volunteer in their communities

Premier is looking for smart, agile individuals like you to help us transform the healthcare industry. Here you will find critical thinkers who have the freedom to make an impact. Colleagues who share your thirst to learn more and do things better. Teammates committed to improving the health of a nation. See why incredible challenges require incredible people.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to unlawful discrimination because of their age, race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, familial status, pregnancy status, genetic information, status as a victim of domestic violence, covered military or protected veteran status, disability, or any other applicable federal, state or local protected class, trait or status or that of persons with whom an applicant associates. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. In addition, as a federal contractor, Premier complies with government regulations, including affirmative action responsibilities, where they apply.

Premier also provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with a disability or those who have a sincerely held religious belief. If you need assistance in the application process, please reply to
diversity_and_accommodations@premierinc.com
or contact Premier Recruiting at 704.816.5200.
Show Less 
ReportARE YOU A CURRENT US FOODS EMPLOYEE? PLEASE APPLY DIRECTLY THROUGH OUR INTERNAL WORKDAY CAREER SITE.
Join Our Community of Food People!
The IAM Director is responsible for IAM operations, planning, implementation, development, thought leadership, processes, architecture, tools, decision making, and technology following cybersecurity best practices and standards to deliver secure IAM solutions. The Director will maintain, build, lead, execute IAM strategies, roadmaps, and initiatives through understanding of US Foods security posture, capabilities, risk tolerance, and business drivers. In this position, you will work collaboratively with peers and stakeholders to provide guidance and influence technical and business projects to adopt IAM strategies to protect enterprise systems balancing business risk and IAM security best practices for applications, data, assets, and people of US Foods.
New Ways of Work: The work is completed 100% remote anywhere in the United States except Hawaii or United States Territories with potential travel of 20% required. Travel expectations are to be in Rosemont, IL one (1) week per month (Monday morning thru Friday afternoon). Minimal travel to divisions and vendor seminars.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Serve as a leader for IAM and CIAM areas, Identity Governance, Access Management, and Privileged Access Management across internal and external landscapes
Develop and define the vision, strategy, framework and roadmaps for enterprise identity and access management including Customer IAM strategy, Zero Trust, SSO, Federation, MFA, Privileged Access Management, Provisioning, Access Certification, Identity Governance, and role-based access control
Lead a team of professionals to architect, implement, and operate the IAM strategy, inclusive of staying current on the latest identity management trends, understanding business requirements and opportunities for automation, self-service, and productivity gains, evaluating technologies to meet strategic goals, and instituting a continuous improvement model to mature the IAM program
Responsible for overall user experience through IAM lifecycles, including user on-boarding, birthright access, automated provisioning, and role-based access control for employees, contractors, vendors, and customers
Lead the effective delivery of IAM services by executing continuous improvements to deliver operational efficiencies such as processing of system access requests, supporting new employee orientation, and IAM service evolution and innovation
Drive the end-to-end product vision and strategy for your area
Serve as a people manager and mentor to IAM team members and help further develop US Foods IAM delivery skills and capabilities
Lead technical and business stakeholder conversations
Lead large-scale IAM transformation programs for US Foods from vision and roadmap through to implementation
Align IAM processes across the organization and develop standards for organizational use
Direct employees to implement IAM solutions that align with access policies and processes
Developing and managing operational run metrics, key performance indicators/outcomes (KPI/KPO) for IAM program
Manage key vendors to support the overall IAM program
Create, track, and manage annual operating, capital, and project budgets
Record of accomplishment acting with integrity, taking pride in work, seeking to excel, being curious and adaptable, and communicating effectively

SUPERVISION: Direction and management of 1 Architect, 1 Developer, 1 Sr Business Security Analyst, 1 Security Analyst

RELATIONSHIPS
Internal: Frontline leaders and managers across IT Value Streams and Business Organizations. Key internal functional relationships Security Engineering, Security Strategy, Security Architecture, Risk Management, Threat & Vulnerability Management, Cloud, and Compliance, Enterprise Architecture, Product Owners, Business Relationship Managers, Business Architects and Analysts, Solutions Architects, Business Owners, and Technical Resources (IT Infrastructure, Network Engineers, Client Engineering, System Administrators, Developers, etc.).
External: Manage the relationship with IAM MSS Service provider and product vendors, interacting with Account Executive, Directors of Services, and Support, and Development. High interaction with Microsoft Account Executive, Director of Security for US Foods.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Must possess a minimum of 15 years of experience with Information Technology, 8 years of experience with IAM or other relevant security areas, and 5+ years personnel management experience
Bachelor's degree from an accredited college/university or equivalent professional experience
Demonstrated experience with IAM relevant technical security products, such as ForgeRock, Microsoft for Access Management, CyberArk for Privileged Access Management, or similar technologies OKTA, SailPoint, Ping, etc.
Strong understanding of the identity and access management concepts including SSO, MFA, PAM, Privileged Access, and Zero Trust Networks
Strong cybersecurity fundamentals and expertise on identity-driven zero trust architecture
Demonstrated experience working with IT vendors, suppliers, and managed services providers
Required occasional business travel (Approximately 5%)

Education
Bachelor's degree from an accredited college/university or equivalent professional experience
Certifications/Training: One or more of the following CISSP, CAMS, CIAM, CIMP, CIPA, or CISM, GIAC or other industry certification desired

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Demonstrated experience with IAM operations, development, engineering, architecture, auditing, and delivery including operational management methodologies leveraging ITSM principles and DevOps
Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate technical and business issues and solutions to multiple organizational levels internally and externally
A proven record of accomplishment of leading the development of product vision and strategy
Extensive knowledge of SSO, MFA, Active Directory (AD), public key infrastructure (PKI), privileged accounts and integration application program interface (API) capabilities
Ability to build and maintain collaborative working relationships with information technology, enterprise security, and business personnel to design and execute appropriate controls
Experience in defining, implementing, and executing IAM shared services across a global enterprise
Demonstrated experience working with IT vendors, suppliers, and managed services providers
Experience with zero trust access and password less authentication
Experience delivering IAM solutions using Agile methodology
Familiarity with customer centric IAM solutions, including B2B and B2C scenarios
Experience with one or more of the following Payment Card Industry (PCI), Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX), Health Information Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), ISO 17799, ITIL or NIST
Certified Information Systems Security Professional

The following information is provided in accordance with the Colorado Pay Equity Act. Compensation depends on experience, geographic locations, and other factors permitted by law. In Colorado, the expected compensation for this role is between $118,600 and $170,000. This role is also eligible for annual incentive plan bonus. Benefits for this role include health insurance, pre-tax spending accounts, retirement benefits, paid time off, short-term and long-term disability, employee stock purchase plan, and life insurance. To review available benefits, please click here:
https://www.usfoods.com/careers/benefits.html
.

#LI-CD2
#LI-REMOTE

***EOE Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Protected Veteran/Disability Status***

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less As a Global PHC Cybersecurity Leader you will work with several Global Teams, local Cyber Security Leaders, IT/OT organization, and platform teams to understand the needs/ gaps in manufacturing and engineering organization. The individual in this role will improve and/or introduce the tools that can be standardized at the Greensboro Swing Rd site to meet the needs toward compliance and add digital value. If there are any Operational Technology (OT) related challenges to meet, the individual will need to influence the standards to accommodate or align on exceptions. In this role, you would work with the incident response teams during the plant outages due to either security breaches or OT related downtimes. Additionally, you would lead the meetings, trainings, and other engagements with the Greensboro Swing Rd site.

What you would gain in this role:

Technical skills specific to P&G InfoSec and IT policies and/ or standards. Information Security specific certification related to manufacturing and ICS security.

IT at P&G

IT at Procter & Gamble is where business, innovation and technology integrate to create a competitive advantage for P&G. Our mission is clear - we deliver IT to help P&G win with consumers. As a P&G IT professional you apply your IT mastery to diverse business problems to deliver game-changing technology-driven business models and capabilities. Whether your role is to create an IT innovation strategy for a business, protect our critical information systems and assets, or building a completely new way of operating, your technical mastery will be recognized and rewarded. Your passion for the industry will be further cultivated by our culture of continued learning and growth as an IT professional. Your career in IT at P&G will build you through growing your leadership and influence skills, expanding your perspective via experiences across multiple businesses, and cultivating depth of expertise in areas like Application & Integration, Infrastructure, Data & Analytics, and Security & Risk.

What we can offer you is an interesting and diverse set of opportunities to solve problems that come with being one of the largest consumer goods companies in the world. You likely have many interests, and our scale enables you to have the opportunity to explore these interests and apply your problem-solving skills.


Qualifications



Technical Mastery: Strong technical knowledge and hands on experience in the areas of IT and OT. This includes virtualization/ network knowledge, log aggregation/management solutions, asset discovery tools, and asset management tool across both landscapes.
Manufacturing Background: You will need to have worked in a manufacturing plant or be very familiar with plant IT and OT infrastructure, applications, and environments. This role requires an understanding of how plants and technical centers operate.
Documentation and Communication Skills:A candidate in this role must follow engineering work processes and document learnings. In this role you will need to interact daily with Product Supply Engineering, Manufacturing teams, site digital teams, and Info Security to provide consulting/ collaboration.
Stewardship: The preferred applicant would have experience as the cyber security leader for the plant or as the backup. Knowledge about the GIA audit process including the tools and services related to InfoSecurity.
Compliance and Information Security: Understanding different areas of IT and OT including continuity planning, asset management, change management, computer installation standards, endpoint hardening, cyber incident management, identity and access management, and patch and firmware management for applications and infrastructure is preferred.
Application & Infrastructure knowledge: Knowledge of manufacturing IT and OT applications, including applications in ALICS platform, and manufacturing execution systems. Manufacturing infrastructures including the network design, virtualization, network address translation, ICS firewalls, ect. is preferred.
Innovation Leadership: In this role you will need to stay in touch with recent technologies which enable industrial controls system, operation technology breakthroughs, leverage lab environment to simulate the technologies, drive the theoretical and applied development of prototype systems, and determine how to efficiently integrate them into our global standard platforms.
Industrial Controls System: Knowledge of industrial control system protocols such as EtherNet/IP, CIP, ControlNet, DeviceNet, OPC, Modbus, programming and configuring industrial switches are preferred. These skills are especially important for OT asset management.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, marital status, citizenship, HIV/AIDS status or any other legally protected factor.

Immigration sponsorship is not available for this role. As a general matter, Procter & Gamble does not sponsor candidates for nonimmigrant visas or permanent residency. However, Procter & Gamble may make exceptions on a discretionary basis. Any exceptions would be based on the Company's specific business needs at the time and place of recruitment as well as the qualifications of the individual.

Procter & Gamble participates in e-verify as required by law.

Qualified individuals will not be disadvantaged based on being unemployed.

Job locations:
Greensboro, North Carolina, United States Job Type: Full time Job categories: Information Technology Req No: R000047270
Show Less As part of National Grid’s continued commitment to safety, all new hires must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Anyone unable to be vaccinated, either because of a sincerely held religious belief or medical reason can request a reasonable accommodation.

About us

Every day we deliver safe and secure energy to homes, communities, and businesses. We are there when people need us the most. We connect people to the energy they need for the lives they live. The pace of change in society and our industry is accelerating and our expertise and track record puts us in an unparalleled position to shape the sustainable future of our industry.


To be successful we must anticipate the needs of our customers, reducing the cost of energy delivery today and pioneering the flexible energy systems of tomorrow. This requires us to deliver on our promises and always look for new opportunities to grow, both ourselves and our business


About the role

Are you interested in working in a dynamic environment that offers opportunities for professional growth and new responsibilities? If so, National Grid could be the place for you. National Grid is seeking an innovative and experienced Identify and Access Management (IAM) Engineering Team Lead to join the IAM Engineering team.


As Identity and Access Management (IAM) solutions Team Lead, you will

Be the Team Lead overseeing teams for the day-to-day activities of Identity & Access Management stake holder engagements that identify, design, and implement technology and creative business solutions for National Grid Business Units. Responsibilities include, among others, managing teams in the identification & delivery of business requirements, functional design, process design (including scenario design, flow mapping), prototyping, testing, training, defining support procedures
Develop and maintain relationships, ensure stake holder satisfaction related to aspects of both the product and the implementation at the technical and functional level.
Perform role of counselor and coach; provide input and guidance into the staffing process; actively participate in staff recruitment and retention activities; provide leadership and support for delivery teams and staff.
Responsible to install, integrate and deploy IAM products to National Grid Global business unit environments.
Conduct and facilitate cybersecurity IAM architecture reviews with multiple internal/external teams and stakeholders to assist in IAM adoption
Review and approve secure IAM solution architectures, provide guidance, insight, and feedback on new security technologies
Research new IAM security technologies and establish future-state cybersecurity IAM architecture design patterns that consider business, information, application, infrastructure, and security perspectives
Design technical controls and solutions for a variety of information systems based on industry best practices and guidelines (e.g., NIST CSF, CSA, CIS, OWASP)


The Team:
National Grid IAM team work to design, develop and build solutions to help National Grid business units reimagine, reshape and rewire the competitive fabric of organization. Our program has a multitude of specialists, ranging from systems designers, developers, business analyst, architects and integrators. All working together on diverse program and projects from advanced pre-configured solutions and methodologies to brand-building and campaign management. We have a unique blend of skills and experiences, yet we underline the value of everyone, providing customized career paths, fostering innovation and associate development.


About you

To be successful you will possess:

BA/BS Degree in Computer Science, Cyber Security, Information Security, Engineering, Information Technology or equivalent relevant experience

Proven experience with:

Identity & Access Governance including Role based access control, access request and certification
Managing projects through the full system development lifecycle
Technical architecture experience integrating identity management, access management and access governance software into infrastructure and applications
Installation, integration and deployment of SailPoint in client environment
Identity Management familiarity the following areas:
Identity Governance and Administration (Lifecycle Management and Provisioning)
Single Sign on and Advanced Authentication (Federation and Risk Based Authentication)
Consumer Identity and Access Management
Privilege Access Management
Identity as a Service and Cloud related Identity Solution
Enterprise Directory Architecture and Virtual Directories


Proven experience with the following programming languages: Java, JavaScript, JSP/Servlets, SQL
SAFE Agile Experience
Experience working in highly regulated environments, particularly SOX
Successful experience leading and managing teams


Preferred Experience:

Previous identity analytics experience
Experience in consumer identity and directory services with both SailPoint and CyberArk
Certifications (e.g., CompTIA Security+, CISM, CISSP)
What you get

As well as your base salary, you will receive a bonus based on personal and company performance and 401K retirement savings plan, comprehensive health plans, 3 weeks paid vacation plus 10 fixed holidays and 2 personal days and an option to buy extra holidays. You will also have access to a number of flexible benefits that support your work life balance!

More Information

We encourage candidates to submit their applications as early as possible. National Grid’s recruitment periods can and may vary. We reserve the right to remove this advert or close it to further applications at any point during the recruitment process.
Location: New England US or contiguous states. Candidates may also reside in the UK. Hybrid and flexible working is ingrained into our culture, this permanent role offers a mix of office and home working.
Grade: Band D
Hiring Manager: Chris Shea
Global IT /Permanent
For further information please contact Sukhi.Shina2@nationalgrid.com

#LI-HYBRID #LI-SS1


Salary

UNY: $111,000 to $157,000 per year
DNY: $133,000 to $188,000 per year
NE: $124,000 to $175,000 per year
Salary is commensurate with experience and location

Please be advised that due to the nature of this position, incumbents are subject to federal Drug & Alcohol safety regulations governing US Department of Transportation ("DOT") covered positions, including the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA) and Pipeline Hazardous Material Safety Administration (PHMSA). As such, the Company’s testing programs and policies regarding the use of federally prohibited drugs or alcohol, for recreational or medical purposes, will remain in effect for these safety-sensitive, DOT covered positions.

This position has a career path which provides for advancement opportunities within and across bands as you develop and evolve in the position; gaining experience, expertise and acquiring and applying technical skills. Candidates will be assessed and provided offers against the minimum qualifications of this role and their individual experience.

National Grid is an equal opportunity employer that values a broad diversity of talent, knowledge, experience and expertise. We foster a culture of inclusion that drives employee engagement to deliver superior performance to the communities we serve. National Grid is proud to be an affirmative action employer. We encourage minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans to join the National Grid team.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less As part of National Grid‚Äôs continued commitment to safety, all new hires must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Anyone unable to be vaccinated, either because of a sincerely held religious belief or medical reason can request a reasonable accommodation.

About us

Every day we deliver safe and secure energy to homes, communities, and businesses. We are there when people need us the most. We connect people to the energy they need for the lives they live. The pace of change in society and our industry is accelerating and our expertise and track record puts us in an unparalleled position to shape the sustainable future of our industry.


To be successful we must anticipate the needs of our customers, reducing the cost of energy delivery today and pioneering the flexible energy systems of tomorrow. This requires us to deliver on our promises and always look for new opportunities to grow, both ourselves and our business


About the role

Are you interested in working in a dynamic environment that offers opportunities for professional growth and new responsibilities? If so, National Grid could be the place for you. National Grid is seeking an innovative and experienced Privileged Access Management (PAM) Engineering Team Lead to join the IAM Engineering team.


As Privileged Access Management (PAM) solutions Team Lead, you will

Oversee the teams day-to-day activities of Privileged Access Management stake holder engagements that identify, design, and implement technology and creative business solutions for National Grid
Responsibilities include, among others, managing teams in the identification & delivery of business requirements, functional design, process design (including scenario design, flow mapping), prototyping, testing, training, defining support procedures
Develop and maintain relationships, ensure stakeholder satisfaction, expand existing Cyber engagements
Lead aspects of the proposal development process and RFP responses, pricing strategies, engagement letters and Statements of Work
Perform role of counselor and coach; provide input and guidance into the staffing process; actively participate in staff recruitment and retention activities; provide leadership and support for delivery teams and staff
Identify and evaluate complex business and technology risks, internal controls which mitigate risks, and related opportunities for internal control improvement


The Team:
National Grid IAM team work to design, develop and build solutions to help National Grid business units reimagine, reshape and rewire the competitive fabric of organization. Our program has a multitude of specialists, ranging from systems designers, developers, business analyst, architects and integrators. All working together on diverse program and projects from advanced pre-configured solutions and methodologies to brand-building and campaign management. We have a unique blend of skills and experiences, yet we underline the value of everyone, providing customized career paths, fostering innovation and associate development.


About you

To be successful you will possess:

BA/BS Degree in Computer Science, Cyber Security, Information Security, Engineering, Information Technology or equivelent experience

Proven experience with:

Identity & Access Governance including Role based access control, access request and certification
Managing projects through the full system development lifecycle
Developing, implementing or architecting information systems
Technical architecture experience integrating identity management, access management and access governance software into infrastructure and applications
Installation, integration and deployment of CyberArk
Proven experience Managing CyberArk Enterprise Password Vault (EPV), Central Policy Manager (CPM), and Privileged Session Manager (PSM) in a global distributed environment
Proven Experience with the following programming languages: Java, JavaScript, JSP/Servlets, SQL
Experience leading and managing teams
Strong critical thinking, analytic, and problem-solving abilities
Identity Management familiarity within the following areas:
Single Sign On / Federation
Privileged Access Management (PAM)
Enterprise Directory Architecture and Design including directory schema, namespace and replication topology experience
Role Base Access Control
Secret Management
Experience working in highly regulated environments, particularly SOX,


Preferred Experience:

Experience in consumer identity and directory services
Certifications (e.g., CompTIA Security+, CISM, CISSP)
What you get

As well as your base salary, you will receive a bonus based on personal and company performance and 401K retirement savings plan, comprehensive health plans, 3 weeks paid vacation plus 10 fixed holidays and 2 personal days and an option to buy extra holidays. You will also have access to a number of flexible benefits that support your work life balance!


More Information

We encourage candidates to submit their applications as early as possible. National Grid‚Äôs recruitment periods can and may vary. We reserve the right to remove this advert or close it to further applications at any point during the recruitment process.
Location: New England US or contiguous states. This position can also be based in the UK - Hybrid and flexible working is ingrained into our culture, this permanent role offers a mix of office and home working.
Grade: Band D
Hiring Manager: Chris Shea
Global IT /Permanent
For further information please contact Sukhi.Shina2@nationalgrid.com

#LI-HYBRID #LI-SS1


Salary

UNY: $111,000 to $157,000 per year
DNY: $133,000 to $188,000 per year
NE: $124,000 to $175,000 per year
Salary is commensurate with experience and location

Please be advised that due to the nature of this position, incumbents are subject to federal Drug & Alcohol safety regulations governing US Department of Transportation ("DOT") covered positions, including the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA) and Pipeline Hazardous Material Safety Administration (PHMSA). As such, the Company‚Äôs testing programs and policies regarding the use of federally prohibited drugs or alcohol, for recreational or medical purposes, will remain in effect for these safety-sensitive, DOT covered positions.

This position has a career path which provides for advancement opportunities within and across bands as you develop and evolve in the position; gaining experience, expertise and acquiring and applying technical skills. Candidates will be assessed and provided offers against the minimum qualifications of this role and their individual experience.

National Grid is an equal opportunity employer that values a broad diversity of talent, knowledge, experience and expertise. We foster a culture of inclusion that drives employee engagement to deliver superior performance to the communities we serve. National Grid is proud to be an affirmative action employer. We encourage minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans to join the National Grid team.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less At American Express, we know that with the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. Whether we’re supporting our customers’ financial confidence to move ahead, taking commerce to new heights, or encouraging people to explore the world, our colleagues are constantly redefining what’s possible — and we’re proud to back each other every step of the way.

When you join Team Amex, you become part of a diverse community of over 60,000 colleagues, all with a common goal to deliver an exceptional customer experience every day. Here, you’ll learn and grow as we champion your meaningful career journey with programs, benefits, and flexibility to back you personally and professionally. Every colleague share in the company’s success.

Together, we’ll win as a team, striving to uphold our company values and powerful backing promise to our customers, communities, and each other every day. And we’ll do it with integrity and in an environment where everyone is seen, heard and feels like they truly belong.

Join #TeamAmex and let’s lead the way together.

Enterprise Data Governance & Platforms (EDGP) is part of the larger Enterprise Digital and Data Solutions (EDDS) organization. EDGP improves the customer experience and drives business growth through robust enterprise-wide data policies and governance and enabling a data-driven culture, while developing digital and data platforms that provide insightful customer relationships and allow users to leverage enterprise-wide data capabilities.

Customer 360 is an AXP-wide capability that provides the Enterprise Customer demographic data and Data-graph unifying our customer’s relationships across all product and services globally. This is fundamentally reshaping our ecosystem and the way we engage with our customers by leveraging Amex internal/external data assets, world-class matching algorithms and best in class global, flexible and re-usable platforms.

We seek an experienced thought-leader and problem-solver to serve as Director – C360, Digital Product Management to help define and oversee the vision and strategic priorities to enable new Products for Amex and enhance the Customer Experience across Channels to provide best experience every day to our customers

Primary responsibilities include:

Partner with various Enterprise teams and strategy partners for implementation of demographic data and linkages via C360.

Be a trusted partner and thought leader to drive the modernization of Individual and Legal Entities and their digital experiences with Amex.

Leading, mentoring and building a high performing and highly engaged team with diverse talent

Identifying opportunities and driving product strategy, roadmap, and features.

Managing the product life cycle from strategic planning to tactical execution

Prioritizing engineering work and balancing the requirements of customers and stakeholders.

Enabling analytics-driven decision making to evolve products and usage.

Evangelizing the product both internally and externally and shepherding products through the development process, advocating to achieve the best outcomes.

Interacting with customers to identify needs, opportunities, and gaps, and solve problems.

Brainstorming and negotiating effectively with various stakeholders to continuously define feature priority.

Helping your team develop products by making difficult tradeoffs and removing roadblocks.

Establishing the product’s goals and reviewing success metrics to achieve commercial success.

Agile mindset and transformation champion.




Required Qualifications:

At least 5-7 years of experience in owning, managing leading products or platforms

Good understanding of Amex Ecosystem & Digital Experiences is a big plus.

Strong people leader with excellent interpersonal skills and ability to influence partners

Excellent communication, collaboration, and change management skills.

Proven ability to adjust quickly to shifting priorities, multiple demands, ambiguity and rapid change

Passion for excellence in people, processes and products and strong understanding of Product Management

Experience in managing partnerships and colleagues across geographies; ability to build strong relationships with internal / external business partners across various locations globally

Demonstrated success in leading large, fast-paced and highly complex projects, including architecture transformations, product launches and use case enablement efforts

Ability to prioritize work across the team to maximize efforts that will drive greatest outcomes for the business; defends MVP principles and drive hypotheses and learnings

Salary Range: $150,000.00 to $225,000.00 annually + bonus + equity (if applicable) + benefits

The above represents the expected salary range for this job requisition. Ultimately, in determining your pay, we'll consider your location, experience, and other job-related factors.




American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law.

We back our colleagues with the support they need to thrive, professionally and personally. That's why we have Amex Flex, our enterprise working model that provides greater flexibility to colleagues while ensuring we preserve the important aspects of our unique in-person culture. Depending on role and business needs, colleagues will either work onsite, in a hybrid model (combination of in-office and virtual days) or fully virtually.

Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions

US Job Seekers/Employees - Click here to view the “EEO is the Law” poster and supplement and the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.

If the links do not work, please copy and paste the following URLs in a new browser window: https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters to access the three posters.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less At HCSC, we consider our employees the cornerstone of our business and the foundation to our success. We enable employees to craft their career with curated development plans that set their learning path to a rewarding and fulfilling career.

Come join us and be part of a purpose driven company who is invested in your future!

Job Summary

Welcome to a team of caring and passionate people who work each day to meet the needs of our members and clients. At Health Benefits, you will be part of an organization committed to offering custom self-funded health benefits plans that manage costs – without compromising benefits – by offering innovative solutions, flexibility, transparency and customer support. We are now a subsidiary of Health Care Service Corporation, the largest customer-owned insurance company in the United States and a strategic partner of Health Benefits since 2018, giving us access to increased national scale and support. This is an exciting time to join our team and enhance our culture that emphasizes caring, diversity and inclusion, mutual respect, collaboration and service to our communities.

This role will lead and develop the Workforce and Customer Identity and Access Management (IAM) vision and roadmap. In this role, you will hold responsibility for activation of IAM program management, governance, and technical teams to ensure alignment with strategy and vision. Working with the team to ensure IAM solutions are meeting security and business objectives and outcomes by establishing metrics. A successful leader in this role will continuously improve and innovate our IAM capabilities to drive value, enhance our employee experience and secure our digital assets.

Responsibilities

JOB REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor's degree
12+ years of IT experience including 3+ years of overall management within a large enterprise environment
7+ years in Identity and Access Management technologies, processes and capabilities
5+ years leadership experience in cybersecurity leading and coaching teams to their highest potential
Developed/executed roadmaps Identity and Access Management (IAM) capabilities and led cross-functional execution to drive initiatives to completion
Deep understanding of IAM technologies, controls, and best practices (OKTA, SailPoint, LDAP, directories, certificates, SAML/OAUTH, MFA, Adaptive Authentication, PKI, IGA, and IdP)
Strong understanding of PCI, SOX, HIPAA, EU-GDPR regulations
Know how to influence technology teams to deliver a frictionless employee identity experience
Experience influencing teams and stakeholders without direct authority over them
Coached individuals & leaders at multiple levels able to demonstrate tangible results
Achieved objectives by contributing information and recommendations to strategic plans, identifying trends and driving changes
Built relationships with stakeholders across all levels and departments
Excellent communication skills at all levels of organization
This position will be remote.

*CA

#LI-AZ1

#LI-Telecommute

Are you being referred to one of our roles? If so, ask your connection at HCSC about our Employee Referral process!

HCSC Employment Statement:

HCSC is committed to diversity in the workplace and to providing equal opportunity and affirmative action to employees and applicants. We are an Equal Opportunity Employment / Affirmative Action employer dedicated to workforce diversity and a drug-free and smoke-free workplace. Drug screening and background investigation are required, as allowed by law. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less Chicago/Lake Forest, IL or US Virtual


About Grainger:


Grainger is North America's leading distributor of maintenance, repair, and operating products and services. Our wide assortment, deep expertise, innovative technology solutions and unparalleled customer service keep customers' operations running and their people safe.
We're looking for passionate people who can move our company forward. We have a welcoming workplace where you can build a career for yourself while fulfilling our purpose to keep the world working. We embrace new ways of thinking and recognize everyone is an individual. Find your way at Grainger.

Position Details:

The Director of Customer Identity and Access Management (CIAM) will lead a growing team in taking our CIAM strategy, technology, controls, processes, to the next level. You will report to the CISO and will modernize the Grainger CIAM program.




You will drive roadmap, strategy, innovation, resourcing, budgeting for all aspects of CIAM. You will work with team members to define and build functional and non-functional requirements to facilitate a balance between security and business.




You will also be required to assume project/program directorship of large complex engagements. You will be able to identify high-risk or problem project issues, analyze those project issues, interact with the onsite program/project managers, their direct managers, and executive sponsors to remediate risks or problems and provide visibility of those projects to senior management.




In an operational context, you will offer a depth of knowledge toward the Customer Identity Management space that drives relevant, actionable, and defensible metrics and reporting to varying audiences that aim to deliver transparency in operational efficiency, security, and effectiveness.




You Will:


Achieve strategic objectives in CIAM using creative thinking to create strategic plans and roadmap plans; ensure an overall architecture with consistent uses of data and significant reuse of technology and business services throughout building design; drive integration across all aspects of customer identity architecture
Build a collaborative commitment to CIAM strategy by considering and evaluating different points of view; create a cohesive argument and improve the portfolio planning model
Collaborate with leaders, define architecture by analyzing information requirements; determine systems architecture, components, and technologies; study business capabilities; develop points of views on emerging technologies and evaluate their applicability to business goals and operational requirements.
Provide coaching, guidance, and direction on CIAM projects, ensuring overall fit with architecture direction
Complete unbiased analysis of technology options and develop a practice to determine, approve and manage preferred technologies; maintain a list of approved technologies; create communication strategies that will guide the organization to standard technologies or create new standards as development needs arise
Direct strategic programs that may have companywide significance. Monitor and report progress/changes against the plan.
Develop technical best practices and build technical competencies for the company
Ability to Adapt quickly to new technologies and changing business requirements
Share responsibility with Product Owners for building reusable and scalable components
Firm grasp of security implications to Customer Identity Management designs and solutions; ability to engage Information Security resources and Product Owners for optimal configurations and considerations.
Drive implementation by motivating and directing the project or program team, a team that may include cross-functional departments, third-party vendors, partners, and employees
Must be comfortable in matrix management environments and work effectively with others in managing complex project.


You Have:



Minimum of 8 years in information security with 5 years focused on Identity and Access Management (CIAM or IAM).

Bachelor's degree in IT / Computer Science preferred

Minimum of 3 years of managing a team. Experience with agile frameworks preferred. Strong working knowledge of IAM technology and related vendors




Demonstrated delivery experience together with competency in creating and managing an overall project plan (including budget, structure, schedule, and staffing) for large-scale engagements.
Proven experience of the ability to follow solid project management principles.
Knowledge of and experience with industry recognized project implementation methodologies and concepts and with a demonstration of depth in software development activities and tasks (planning, design, development, testing, etc.).
Customer Identity Management technical knowledge and experience is preferred.
Able to interact successfully at the executive management level.
Excellent communication and organizational skills along with the ability to deliver along with strict (and often time-sensitive) guidelines.


Rewards and Benefits:


With benefits starting day one, Grainger is committed to your safety, health and wellbeing. Our programs provide choice and flexibility to meet our team members' individual needs. Check out some of the rewards available to you at Grainger
Medical, dental, vision, and life insurance plans
Generous paid time off (PTO) and 6 company holidays per year
Automatic 6% 401(k) company contribution each pay period
Employee discounts, parental leave, 3:1 match on donations and tuition reimbursement
A comprehensive set of emotional, financial, physical and social wellbeing programs


DEI Statement


We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less CISO‚Äôs Cyber Security Services (CSS) is responsible for delivering integrated risk reduction capabilities and services aligned to the architectural goals and priorities. This role entails leading and coordinating the execution of Identity and Access Management Program and Services, including the Engineering, Operations and Governance functions. The successful candidate will have demonstrated success and be highly adept at: leading global programs and engineering change efforts; managing risk and execution of global programs by aligning resources and tactical/strategic decisions; and driving transformation across a complex enterprise to support cybersecurity goals. Strong experience across Cyber Security, Technology Infrastructure, and the Financial Services business sectors will assist in delivering aspects of this service. The successful candidate will have end-to-end responsibilities for engineering, operations, and governance of Citi‚Äôs IAM function across the enterprise and globally. This role will directly report to the Head of Cyber Security Services and must partner with peer groups in Innovation, Architecture, Technology Services, Information Security and business sectors to ensure a service-oriented organization that meets the business needs of a digital bank.




Roles and Responsibilities:

Lead a team of over 1,000 globally dispersed IAM professionals, responsible for engineering, operations and governance functions.
Responsible for improving end user and customer experience while improving the overall security posture of the bank.
Accountable for the implementation of CISO Strategy and defining and managing IAM Risk Appetite and Risk metrics
Demonstrate strong understanding of the Identity and Access Management Domain including zero trust, Authentication, Authorization, Access and entitlements and other related information security principles.
Maintain strong awareness of vulnerabilities, mitigations, and attack frameworks partnering with the Vulnerability Management team.
Establish close partnership and alignment with Senior Architects, Steering Committees, CISO and CTI stakeholders in delivering the IAM program.
Build relationships with key business stakeholders, project teams, operational teams and services providers
Maintain awareness of both trends and capabilities in alignment to the implementation of IAM.
Interface and support Citi‚Äôs Security Architecture Council and Working Groups building strong rapport across teams.
Support Citi‚Äôs adoption of IAM services in the cloud and holistic digital transformation.
Manage Operational Service quality and be responsible for driving Service Operations performance and improvements
Responsible for the overall P&L for IAM services and for securing investments required to maintain and strengthen IAM services build new capabilities and address systemic risks

Required Skills and Competencies:

15+ years of relevant cybersecurity and/or IT experience
Leadership roles across technology or cybersecurity leading large programs or transformational activities
Proven strong knowledge of Cyber Security solutions and technologies
Thorough understanding of industry standards and best practices
Experience developing and maintaining Cyber Security and IT architectures
Demonstrated ability to take global ownership and work with cross functional teams to manage multiple projects simultaneously
Advanced analytical and problem-solving skills
Consistently demonstrates clear and concise written and oral communication as well as strong presentation skills to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Bachelor‚Äôs degree in relevant subject or equivalent work experience

250,000-500,000 USD

-

Job Family Group:

Technology

-

Job Family:

Technology Management

-

Time Type:

Full time

-

Primary Location:

Rutherford New Jersey United States

-

Primary Location Salary Range:

-

Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi‚Äù) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity review Accessibility at Citi.

View the "EEO is the Law" poster. View the EEO is the Law Supplement.

View the EEO Policy Statement.

View the Pay Transparency Posting

-

Effective November 1, 2021, Citi requires that all successful applicants for positions located in the United States or Puerto Rico be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 as a condition of employment and provide proof of such vaccination prior to commencement of employment.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less CLIMB HIRE - ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR, IT AND CRM MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW

Do you thrive off of managing tech systems? Are you an experienced Salesforce manager? Are you motivated by ensuring clients have their tech needs met in a timely manner? Do you find joy in building efficient tech management processes? If so, we want to talk! Climb Hire seeks an Associate Director of IT and CRM Management to lead our IT efforts at Climb Hire. This role is remote (though some preference will be given to candidates located in the Pacific time zone).

ABOUT CLIMB HIRE

Climb Hire’s mission is to create economic opportunity and mobility. We train and prepare diverse and determined working adults earning below the livable wage for entry-level jobs in corporate America via four distinct learning tracks: Salesforce Administrator, Customer Experience, Google Project Management, and Financial Services with Fidelity. Most Climbers are between the ages of 22 and 40 and the majority do not hold four-year degrees. We’re not just a class, we’re a community. Relationship-building is at the core of our model, since we know that 9 out of 10 job seekers land roles through warm connections versus applying cold. Our community is built on “paying it forward”: we forge a network of peers and alumni who empower each other in every way, through job referrals and emotional and intellectual support. 80% of our first and second cohorts secured jobs that increased their income 2-3x. Climbers gain, on average, $40k in their new roles. Climb Hire is a national organization HQ’d in the Bay Area. We are expanding rapidly across the country and are poised to grow by 3-10x in the next two years.

RESPONSIBILITIES

The Associate Director, Information Technology will play a critical role in helping the organization scale by providing efficient and effective technical support, ensuring that tech systems are running efficiently and smoothly, and managing the CRM that supports work throughout the organization. This role is part of the Operations team and reports to the Chief Operating Officer.

The ideal candidate will bring expertise and experience managing organizational technology and security, CRM and other enterprise platforms, and the tech support processes.

HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, AND NETWORK MANAGEMENT

Lead the development and implementation processes for the organization’s IT systems
Analyze IT infrastructure and systems performance to assess operating costs, productivity levels, upgrade requirements, and other metrics and needs.
Provide maintenance and continued advancement of software and hardware, servers, and network equipment
Manage the dissemination of hardware to staff and manage the “loaner laptop program” for Climbers. Maintain asset inventory.
Manage system documentation, including configurations and backup procedures
Proactively identify opportunities to leverage technology to improve organization efficiency
Establish a security policy to protect company information and resources
Maintain and operate all existing technology tools and associated operations. Current tech tools include Salesforce, Google Apps, Stripe, FormAssembly, Hello Sign, Zoom, Twilio, Hubspot, Slack, Calendly, and Social Media Platforms (Instagram, Facebook, TikTok)
Manage IT department annual budget and ensure we are maximizing our resources

CRM MANAGEMENT

Manage Salesforce and HubSpot user access, security, roles, and profiles
Maintain workflow and develop automations in HubSpot and Salesforce
Hire and manage the relationship with external developers and/or consultants to implement large scale projects in Salesforce
Manage tech related changes and automations necessary to support the recruitment and enrollment of Climbers into the program (e.g. tech changes to the application and admissions process, etc.)
Collaborate with Director of Insights and Analytics to ensure Salesforce data architecture supports data analysis needs of the organization including grant and other reporting

TECH SUPPORT

Develop and maintain a tech support ticketing system to ensure quick and accurate responses to tech support requests
Assess business needs by analyzing IT needs of all departments and develop and manage project plans to prioritize and implement solutions
Conduct IT trainings and IT onboarding for staff

OUR IDEAL CANDIDATE WILL HAVE

Advanced knowledge of both Salesforce and HubSpot. Salesforce administrator certification is highly preferred
Experience building automations and workflows in HubSpot and Salesforce
Experience working with sales, recruitment, or high-volume training functions is a plus
Multi-year experience managing IT functions and tech support
Ability to balance short-term tactical decisions with long-term strategic thinking
Proven ability to solve systemic IT problems and provide workable solutions
Ability manage multiple projects simultaneously
Advanced user of Microsoft Office products and Google Suite required

DIVERSITY, EQUITY, AND INCLUSIVITY

Climb Hire provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or genetics. We seek to build a diverse staff representative of the communities we serve. All qualified applicants are strongly encouraged to apply.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $100,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year

Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Why are you interested in the Associate Director, IT & CRM Management position at Climb Hire (i.e. what specifically about the role and the organization’s mission resonated with you)?
In your response, please be sure to highlight your previous experiences managing networks, tech support, and CRMs (Salesforce and HubSpot, and any certifications you have). If you have experience working in nonprofits, start-ups, or on small IT teams, please share this as well.

Experience:

HubSpot: 2 years (Required)
Salesforce: 2 years (Preferred)
Information Technology: 2 years (Preferred)
CRM Management: 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Show Less 
ReportCombine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that's improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There's no room for error. Join us and start doing your life's best work.(sm)


You’ll enjoy the flexibility to work remotely * from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.


Primary Responsibilities:


As an Engineering Leader you will lead, inspire and manage a team of world class software engineers

Drive complex and large-scale technical projects and provide leadership in an innovative and fast-paced environment

Provide technical expertise throughout the product lifecycle including design, implementation, and delivery of scalable services

Be responsible for the overall planning, execution, and success of complex technical projects

Lead the execution of the product development and ensure on time delivery with highest quality

Leading and tracking all critical KPI’s and OKR’s for the platform product

Coach, mentor and manage a team of software engineers and/or managers

Plan and manage multiple parallel projects

Partner with business and product teams to build platform products that delights our customers

Ability to attract, recruit & retain best talents


You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.


Required Qualifications:


12+ years of software product development experience

10+ years of experience with leading solid software engineering development and operations teams and 5+ years of building & managing high performance engineering teams

5+ years of experience in understanding data platform (data ingestion, data replication, data redundancy, data movement, ETL, streams, relational cloud storage, compute and access)



3+ years of experience working or exposure to platform engineering with solid product engineering background

3+ years of cloud computing platforms such as Azure, AWS, Big Data processing platforms (Databricks, Snowflake, orchestration tools (Airflow, Azure Data Factory) and data streaming platforms (Kafka,etc)


Preferred Qualifications:


Prior Healthcare experience and prior experience with developing applications/big data platforms (on prem and cloud)



Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build process, testing and operations

Ability to think about larger picture and the whole ecosystem and how our platform product fits in there and how it can enhance the overall experience and adoption.



Experience working with globally distributed team and leading a team of 20+ engineers

Experience in handling the financial components of a platform from billing, IOI tracking, hiring, grooming.

Software development experience in building highly scalable applications using Agile development practices and on a team with full tech stack (Python, IAC -> Terraform, EAC).



Ability to understand and educate the platform teams on software engineering excellence areas like CI-CD, full automation, version control

Full COVID-19 vaccination is an essential job function of this role. Candidates located in states that mandate COVID-19 booster doses must also comply with those state requirements. UnitedHealth Group will adhere to all federal, state and local regulations as well as all client requirements and will obtain necessary proof of vaccination, and boosters when applicable, prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation


To protect the health and safety of our workforce, patients and communities we serve, UnitedHealth Group and its affiliate companies require all employees to disclose COVID-19 vaccination status prior to beginning employment. In addition, some roles and locations require full COVID-19 vaccination, including boosters, as an essential job function. UnitedHealth Group adheres to all federal, state and local COVID-19 vaccination regulations as well as all client COVID-19 vaccination requirements and will obtain the necessary information from candidates prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation. Failure to meet the vaccination requirement may result in rescission of an employment offer or termination of employment


Technology Careers with Optum. Information and technology have amazing power to transform the health care industry and improve people's lives. This is where it's happening. This is where you'll help solve the problems that have never been solved. We're freeing information so it can be used safely and securely wherever it's needed. We're creating the very best ideas that can most easily be put into action to help our clients improve the quality of care and lower costs for millions. This is where the best and the brightest work together to make positive change a reality. This is the place to do your life's best work.(sm)


All employees working remotely will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy.


Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, or New York City Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado/Connecticut/Nevada/New York City residents is $113,500 to $218,100. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives.


Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.


UnitedHealth Group is a drug - free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.


#DICE

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less Company
Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond
When you join the Federal Reserve—the nation's central bank—you’ll play a key role, collaborating with leading tech professionals to strengthen and protect our economic, financial and payments systems. We dedicate more than $1 billion to technology each year to support the Federal Reserve and our economy, and we’re building a dynamic and diverse team for our future.

Bring your passion and expertise, and we’ll provide the opportunities that will challenge you and propel your growth—along with a wide range of benefits and perks that support your health, wealth, and life. In addition to competitive compensation, we offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes tuition assistance, generous paid time off, top-notch health care benefits, child and family care leave, professional development opportunities, a 401(k) match, pension, and more. All brought together in a flexible work environment where you can truly find balance.
System IT’s Accelerate Cloud Program enables our mission through leading the strategy and execution of activities which enable fast and flexible delivery of technology and business solutions. This agile program team is currently seeking a Vice President (VP) of Program Management.

As the VP of Program Management, you will demonstrate leadership and an in-depth knowledge of business agility to lead the migration of platforms to the cloud and aid in advancing our cloud culture, while leveraging agile methodologies, vendors and leading cross-functional teams. You will interact and collaborate with Federal Reserve executive leadership, technology and business leadership, and leadership for large, complex business transformation and technology programs.
What You Will Do:

Build and lead team members engaged with and providing program management and agile management to achieve strategic goals, including coordinating the activities of cross functional subject matter experts across the System to assist with engagement and reporting activities. Perform mid-year and end–year reviews, set objectives, and coach and develop team staff from both a technical and soft-skill perspective.
Build, manage, and lead team members to lead and coordinate the migration of applications to various cloud environments.
Work with program and product leadership and teams to continue to refine migration strategy and approach, establish best practices and implement plan.
Oversee the development and maturation of program portfolio management, dashboard, and associated metrics. Ensuring ongoing engagement and delivery of robust, value-added, and reliable performance reporting.
Leading program quality and risk management activities including setting pro-active remediation guidance.
Oversee reporting automation strategy and approach, and assume responsibility for maturing program defined project and program health indicators and metrics.
Help lead the development and implementation of program communication strategy to ensure that all appropriate stakeholders and governance bodies are aware of and understand metrics and value delivered.
Occasional travel will be required, including overnight stays.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in applicable discipline, or the equivalent is required. Master’s degree preferred.
PMP and Agile Certification or equivalent experience required.
Ten (10) + years of demonstrated, progressive, and relevant leadership in project / program management and consulting including relationship management, and technology management experience as evidenced by an established record of achievement.
Proven ability to think and act critically and strategically, with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, manage competing priorities, and deliver results on-time and according to plan.
Demonstrated experience in and in-depth knowledge of project, program, and portfolio management practices, agile practices, and IV&V concepts, phases, and types of testing.
Experience successfully leading business transformation efforts embracing product management frameworks and Agile ways of working, including ability to communicate with all levels of organization.
Experience successfully leading large, complex technology and cloud or infrastructure migration initiatives with solid program and project management skills, including ability to coordinate, negotiate, schedule, and communicate with all levels of organization.
Experience working with and managing vendor relationships and engagements for a large enterprise.
Highly developed interpersonal, presentation and communication skills with the ability to effectively relate and communicate at all levels, including the ability to explain technical matters in business terms.
Commitment to delivering a great customer experience with a personal and professional value system consistent with the culture and values of the Bank and the Federal Reserve System. Ability to handle sensitive and confidential matters with judgment and discretion.
Experience coaching, mentoring and developing talent across an organization while developing own leadership skills.

Other Requirements and Considerations:

A requirement of this position is that the employee must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19; individuals who are unable to be vaccinated due to a medical condition or sincerely held religious belief may request an accommodation from the Bank.
Candidates should review the
Bank’s Employee Code of Conduct
to ensure compliance with conflict of interest rules and personal investment restrictions.
If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please notify
rich.recruitment@rich.frb.org
.
Sponsorship is not available for this role. The selected candidate will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility for this specific position requires U.S. Citizenship.
For candidates outside Richmond, VA, listed hiring and salary ranges may be adjusted based on your geographic location.
Salary offered will be based on the job responsibilities and the individual’s knowledge, skills, and experience as defined in the job qualifications.
Applicants are encouraged to apply by December 15, 2022.
The Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond provides equal opportunity to all individuals without regard to race, sex, color, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or genetic information.
Full Time / Part Time
Full time
Regular / Temporary
Regular
Job Exempt (Yes / No)
Yes
Job Category
Executive
Work Shift
First (United States of America)
The Federal Reserve Banks believe that diversity and inclusion among our employees is critical to our success as an organization, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool. The Federal Reserve Banks are committed to equal employment opportunity for employees and job applicants in compliance with applicable law and to an environment where employees are valued for their differences.
Privacy Notice
Show Less 
ReportCompany Description


At ServiceNow, our technology makes the world work for everyone, and our people make it possible. We move fast because the world can’t wait, and we innovate in ways no one else can for our customers and communities. By joining ServiceNow, you are part of an ambitious team of change makers who have a restless curiosity and a drive for ingenuity. We know that your best work happens when you live your best life and share your unique talents, so we do everything we can to make that possible. We dream big together, supporting each other to make our individual and collective dreams come true. The future is ours, and it starts with you.

With more than 7,400+ customers, we serve approximately 80% of the Fortune 500, and we're proud to be one of FORTUNE's 100 Best Companies to Work For® and World's Most Admired Companies® 2022.

Learn more on Life at Now blog and hear from our employees about their experiences working at ServiceNow.

Unsure if you meet all the qualifications of a job description but are deeply excited about the role? We still encourage you to apply! At ServiceNow, we are committed to creating an inclusive environment where all voices are heard, valued, and respected. We welcome all candidates, including individuals from non-traditional, varied backgrounds, that might not come from a typical path connected to this role. We believe skills and experience are transferrable, and the desire to dream big makes for great candidates.


Job Description


ServiceNow is seeking Enterprise Architects to join our Team. The Enterprise Architecture Team is part of our pre-sales organization focused on building credibility and trust with the technical leaders in our largest customers by developing cross-functional strategies and solutions. Our team brings technical expertise, real-world experience, strong executive engagement skills and an inspirational mindset to help our customers understand the opportunities of the “platform of platforms” vision. We act as technical leaders for our customers most complex solutions, designed to ensure that they can realize the value they need. We do this by leveraging best practice and industry standards to build customer trust and architect best in class solutions.

While collaborating with customers, partners, and the wider ServiceNow sales team, the right candidate will create and communicate high-level architectures and strategies that are both written and verbal, to audiences up to and including the CIO/CTO level. The Enterprise Architect will elegantly articulate the advantage of ServiceNow being built on a single cloud platform consisting of a single user interface, one code base and one data model. The Enterprise Architect will also lead and participate in the delivery of workshops, best practice overviews, and educational sessions to existing customers and partners.

What you get to do in this role:

Engage with customer executives to identify pain points and opportunities to deliver value and then translate them into solutions from ServiceNow
Work with a wide variety of customers, colleagues and partners to help them understand the power of the Now platform and the potential opportunities of the future of work
Lead architecture and design engagements to demonstrate how ServiceNow meets the needs of strategic customers, including; IT Transformation, Digital Products/Services, Platform as a Service, Enterprise Service Management, and the co-creation of industry specific solutions.
Understand the business strategy of the customer and articulate how ServiceNow can enable and deliver value to their organization, seamlessly integrating into their current and future technology landscape
Understand the detail behind the ServiceNow and platform of platforms architecture and communicate it at various levels
Work with architecture development methods, modelling approaches and architecture patterns for integration
Interact at multiple levels within a customer account (Enterprise Architects, Domain Architects, Directors, VPs, and CXOs) and maintain these relationships throughout their customer journey.
Provide thought leadership and collaborate with internal ServiceNow business units
Identify, lead and contribute to the creation of best practices, white papers, workshops, etc

Qualifications


To be successful in this role you have:

Passion and energy for building business relationships and is accustomed to driving the simplification of complex concepts into compelling customer proposals
Drive for results using out-of-the-box innovative thinking together with excellent problem-solving skills
An intrinsic ability to understand and prioritize work and is willing to make big bets when the time is right, to invest time and energy in the right areas.
Willingness to jump-in and roll-up their sleeves alongside customers, colleagues and partners to get things done faster and better.
10 or more years of proven success in influencing senior technology leaders to drive change in a pre-sales, customer, or delivery focused role.
A track record of success in using Human Centered Design techniques to explore the customers current reality and set a vision for the future.
Expertise designing, implementing and managing advanced architectures in an application domain and integrating multiple systems or platforms
Experience with Enterprise Architecture or Application Architecture pre-sales in a software vendor or professional services environment.
Familiarity with common Enterprise and Industry Architecture frameworks such as: TOGAF, Zachman, IT4IT, BIAN, TMForum, etc.
Excellent understanding of the architectural principles for cloud-based platforms that include SaaS, PaaS, multi-tenancy, and automation
Experience and understanding of multiple technical domains - application, data, DevOps, AI/ML, integration, big data, mobility, analytics, etc.
Intrinsically curious and passionate about researching current and emerging technologies and developing innovative solutions
Experience presenting architecture concepts, designs, and goals to technology leaders and partners

TR21


Additional Information


ServiceNow is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin or nationality, ancestry, age, disability, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status or any other category protected by law.

At ServiceNow, we lead with flexibility and trust in our distributed world of work. Click here to learn about our work personas: flexible, remote and required-in-office.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact us at talent.acquisition@servicenow.com for assistance.

For positions requiring access to technical data subject to export control regulations, including Export Administration Regulations (EAR), ServiceNow may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Government for certain individuals. All employment is contingent upon ServiceNow obtaining any export license or other approval that may be required by the U.S. Government.

Please Note: Fraudulent job postings/job scams are increasingly common. Click here to learn what to watch out for and how to protect yourself. All genuine ServiceNow job postings can be found through the ServiceNow Careers site.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportCompany Description


Experian is the world’s leading global information services company. During life’s big moments – from buying a home or a car to sending a child to college, to growing a business by connecting with new customers – we empower consumers and our clients to manage their data with confidence. We help individuals to take financial control and access financial services, businesses to make smarter decisions and thrive, lenders to lend more responsibly, and organizations to prevent identity fraud and crime.

We have 20,000 people operating across 44 countries and every day we’re investing in new technologies, talented people, and innovation to help all our clients maximize every opportunity.

We are thrilled to share that FORTUNE has named Experian one of the 100 Best Companies to work for. In addition, for the last five years, we’ve been named in the 100 “World’s Most Innovative Companies” by Forbes Magazine.



Job Description


Experian BIS organization is looking for a Senior PMO Director to lead the team which consists of scrum masters, project managers and business analysts in driving program-level execution of work across multiple delivery teams working across organizational boundaries and third parties using Agile methodology. We are looking for a leader who brings great teamwork, positive attitude, high-energy leadership, and engineering execution to our Technology team chartered with cloud acceleration. This role is front and center in our transformation to cloud-based architectures. This role represents a strong opportunity to have direct impact on both our Cloud migration & strategy, and our customer's success. The position requires a strong foundation in both Technology and Program Management. It is imperative for this individual to understand how a company is technically positioned and how to position that company for the future through cloud migration. This is a highly cross-functional leadership role, and it will be a critical lever for us to deliver on our mission. We are looking for a self-starter, change agent, and exceptional problem solver with a demonstrated track record of steering cross-functional initiatives and delivering stellar operating outcomes. This role requires an experienced program manager who thrives in a flat, fast-moving organization using lightweight processes, creative ideas, and quick iteration to make a significant impact.

Who you are:

Collaborative, flexible and driven to partner with teams and individuals in achievement of their goals
Ready to fill in leadership/functional gaps in high growth areas and functions that require additional and temporary leadership support.
An expert at organizing and managing complex programs and projects across multiple teams in various departments to successful completion
Proactive in communication, relationship building, gap identification, risk mitigation, change management and all elements of initiative execution
Highly emotionally intelligent, possessing the ability to adjust style to meet the needs of the audience
Great problem solver with intellectual ability to understand the content and to make connections.
Can influence outcomes and lead through conflict.
Have the ability to synthesize disparate information quickly to develop a succinct, accurate summary of the opportunity/need.
Are known to quickly become a subject matter expert

During your first three months at Experian, you will:

Develop novel processes & tools and share your thought leadership on how to run efficient cloud migration program.
Introduce frameworks and processes for planning and monitoring program execution.
Be responsible for development of scorecards and roadmaps for strategic initiatives, including key achievements, timelines, KPIs, sequencing, resource allocation, leadership touchpoints/approvals, risk mitigation and exception-based reporting.
Monitor projects/programs for scope drift, schedule changes and change order management on a timely basis.
Manage Finances of project implementations and lead portfolio management governance.
Spot potential conflicts or overlaps among work streams/ initiatives, work with team members and leadership to achieve the best outcome for the business.
Be a champion for ‘great execution,’ leading all aspects of activity and providing mentoring so the job gets done while understanding that ownership for execution of initiatives rests with individual members.
Lead Scrum Masters, Project Managers, Program Managers manage to ensure follow up and high quality of deliverables on special projects.
Conduct Post-mortem/Lessons learned to measure results, ensure achievement of business outcomes, and successfully operationalize project deliverables and ensure documentation/runbooks and operational procedures are updated as required
Work with Product Owners and transform project plan tasks to Jira sprint stories and perform resource capacity planning and assist with analysis for story elaboration and acceptance criteria (definition of done)
Identify and actively build connections with relevant subject matter experts across the company to surface insights, to get them excited about what your team is building, and to pave the way for smoother future rollouts

How we work:

Curiosity and candor; the quality of the idea wins the day
Casual, focused, and agile environment operating under our shared principles
Customers at the center of everything we do
Small, mission-focused squads with an entrepreneurial spirit backed by enterprise investments
Consistent routines across stakeholders to ensure complete transparency
Close working relationship between executive stakeholders and customers


Qualifications

10+ years of large project & program management and cloud migration experience, ideally in an Agile environment
5+ years in leadership and management role
Demonstrated delivery leadership experience with multiple large, complex programs
Experience building out strategy and structure, and communicating team vision across a broader organization
Excellent interpersonal skills, ability to work with diverse personality types
Facilitation skills in leading planning meetings, reviews, and retrospectives
Excellent communication, organization, and time management skills
Collaborative approach to decision-making on teams, including ability to influence without direct line of reporting
Master’s Degree is a plus

#LI-REMOTE


Additional Information


All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

Experian is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. Our goal is to create a thriving, inclusive and diverse team where people love their work and love working together. We believe that diversity, equity and inclusion is essential to our purpose of creating a better tomorrow. We value the uniqueness of every individual and want you to bring your whole, authentic self to work. For us, this isThe Power of YOUandand it reflects what we believe. See our DEI work in action!

If you live in Colorado, Connecticut or New York City, please contact us atJobPostingInquiry@experian.comfor the salary range of this position (include the exact Job Title as it reads above in your email). In addition to a competitive base salary and variable pay opportunity, Experian offers a comprehensive benefits package including health, life and disability insurance, generous paid time off including parental and family care leave, an employee stock purchase plan and a 401(k) plan with a company match.

Experian Careers - Creating a better tomorrow together

Find out what its like to work for Experian by clicking here

Apply Now: click Easy Apply

Show Less 
ReportCurrent Employees:

If you are a current Staff, Faculty or Temporary employee at the University of Miami, please click here to log in to Workday to use the internal application process. To learn how to apply for a faculty or staff position using the Career worklet, please review this tip sheet .

The Department of Information Technology has an exciting opportunity for a Director, Information Security Identity and Access Management (IAM) to work in Coral Gables, FL.

The Director, Information Security Identity and Access Management (IAM) leads all facets of the IAM program. The incumbent in this position directs internal teams in the execution of initiatives as they relate to business processes and supporting technologies that enable the creation, maintenance, and use of a digital identity. This position will oversee process improvements including automation to provide users, application owners, and IT administrative staff with secure, easy access to applications; solutions that require fewer login credentials; the ability to collaborate across and beyond the university; and improved security and auditing.

Department Specific Functions

1. Attends professional meetings, workshops, conferences, and seminars to keep abreast of technological market advancements.

2. Establishes and continuously assesses the effectiveness of the internal controls within the unit and compliance with university policies and procedures.

3. Oversees and maintains institutional Identity and Access Management program, policies and associated operating procedures.

4. Engages with peers within UMIT and across the University on tactical and strategic initiatives.

5. Performs follow-up investigations on inquiries, complaints, and problems.

Core Job Functions

1. Oversees and maintains the institutional Identity and Access Management program, policies and associated operating procedures.

2. Engages with peers within UMIT and across the University on tactical and strategic initiatives.

3. Supervises the performance management of all assigned staff including making decisions as they pertain to hiring, training, evaluation, promotion, and termination.

4. Manages daily operations and directs staff to achieve departmental goals and objectives.

5. Assumes responsibility for campus-wide initiatives involving computer support services.

6. Develops, promotes, and maintains standards as they relate to technical support services and devices, including manufacturing and architectural standards.

7. Designs improved work systems by revising work standards, policies, and procedures.

8. Directs and manages project plan development, risk assessment, communications, budget tracking, status reporting, vendor management, and successful project completion.

9. Manages projects with support staff by giving them a clear understanding of the departmental mission.

10. Monitors project prioritization, active projects, and the development of dashboard and reporting mechanisms.

11. Assumes responsibility for enterprise-wide IT projects and ensures an efficient and timely conclusion.

12. Contributes to strategic plan and assists in providing short- and long-term solutions to help meet campus-wide strategic and tactical planning initiatives.

13. Communicates with administration and staff regarding the efficient and timely delivery of services.

14. Performs follow-up investigations on inquiries, complaints, and problems.

15. Assists in the determination of critical milestones.

16. Seeks ways to improve operations and oversees the preparation of productivity reports.

17. Establishes departmental goals and objectives, identifies areas of improvement, and implements action plans to meet these.

18. Attends professional meetings, workshops, conferences, and seminars to keep abreast of technological market advancements.

19. Establishes and continuously assesses the effectiveness of the internal controls within the unit and compliance with University policies and procedures. Ensures employees are trained on controls within the function and on University policy and procedures.

This list of duties and responsibilities is not intended to be all-inclusive and may be expanded to include other duties or responsibilities as necessary.

Minimum Qualifications:

Education: Master's degree in Information Technology, Information Security or relevant related field preferred; however, will accept experience in lieu of education, as noted below.

With Master’s degree, minimum 7 years of relevant experience.

With Bachelor’s degree, minimum 10 years relevant experience.

Certification and Licensing:

Required: CISSP or CISM.

Preferred: FIDO Certified Professional.

Experience:

Minimum 7 years of relevant experience. Any relevant education, certifications and/or work experience may be considered.

Key areas of experience include: working with identity platforms (e.g. SailPoint, Oracle, Okta), developing talent, creating high performance teams, and having knowledge of IAM protocols and standards.

Knowledge, Skills and Attitudes:

Knowledge of business and management principles.

Ability to direct, manage, implement, and evaluate department operations.

Ability to establish department goals, and objectives that support the strategic plan.

Ability to effectively plan, delegate and/or supervise the work of others.

Ability to lead, motivate, develop, and train others.

Knowledge of IAM protocols and standards.

Preferred Qualifications:

Deep understanding of core identity and access management technologies as well as emerging capabilities.

Demonstrated understanding of digital identity life cycles.

Familiarity with; or experience in higher education.




The University of Miami is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities are encouraged to apply. Applicants and employees are protected from discrimination based on certain categories protected by Federal law. Click here for additional information.

Job Status:

Full time

Employee Type:

Staff

Pay Grade:

i109
Show Less 
ReportDescription




The Washington Health Benefit Exchange is a public-private partnership that operates the WAPlanfinder mobile app and Washington Healthplanfinder, the eligibility and enrollment portal used by one in four Washington residents to obtain health and dental coverage. Through Washington Healthplanfinder, individuals and families can compare and enroll in health insurance coverage and gain access to financial help and public programs like Washington Apple Health.

The mission of the Exchange, a state-based marketplace, is to radically improve how Washington residents secure health insurance through innovative and practical solutions, an easy-to-use customer experience, our values of integrity, respect, equity and transparency, and by providing undeniable value to the health care community.

The Exchange is also committed to identify and reach groups at risk for obstacles to access coverage, which includes supporting those who need assistance overcoming barriers to seek, find, and use their health insurance coverage. Specifically, the Exchange is embracing the following equity statement:

Equity is a fundamental pillar to the society we seek to build. The process of advancing toward equity will be disruptive and demands vigilance, dismantling deeply entrenched systems of privilege and oppression. We must focus our efforts on people and places where needs are greatest, especially communities of color, and go beyond remedying a particular inequity to address all determinants of health.

Our goal is that all Washingtonians have full and equal access to opportunities, power and resources to achieve their full potential.

Duties
SUMMARY
The Identity & Access Management lead is responsible for managing ongoing development and configuration of the Identity and Access Management (IAM) solution for WAHBE using ForgeRock technology. This position is responsible for designing, managing, and monitoring of IAM; ensures appropriate security controls are implemented; assist risk management team in IT audits; and assist incident response team to investigate IT security incidents and breaches. This position is also responsible for assessing new IAM requirements, providing impact reports and status updates to leadership.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Lead IAM team to design, deploy, support and monitor IAM solution using ForgeRock Identity As a Service offerring
Colloborate with ForgeRock vendor to monitor product releases and perform impact analysis for WAHBE
Collaborate with System Integrator to ensure application integration to Forgerock is stable and meets WAHBE SLAs
Track ForgeRock bugs, release issues for resolution and report to management
Develop and maintain IAM requirements for cloud-based applications and services
Perform access re-certification for privileged user accounts in IAM
Manage and monitor day-to-day issues, incidents and ensure issues are escalated and addressed and processes are followed
Manage and mentor the team of IAM admins and engineers
Configure out of the box and custom reporting using industry standard reporting tools
Stay up to date with current and emerging IAM capabilities
Advise management on risk issues related to IAM and recommend actions in support of WAHBE’s risk management and compliance programs
Lead the risk assessment of a proposed solution, escalate appropriately and drive to closure
Collaborate with peer engagement leads to define and establish best-in-class, effective IAM implementation in hybrid cloud environment
Assist WAHBE in reviewing and updating policies, procedures, and standards as applicable to IAM solution
Work with the Risk Management Office in the remediation of vulnerabilities and audit findings
Liaise with other architects and engineers to share best practices, insights and requirements
Performs other duties as assigned within the scope of IAM solution
Qualifications
Required:

7+ years of IAM experience using Oracle, ForgeRock or similar technology
Excellent understanding of development SDLC, architecture design and IT operations.
Ability to assess the impact of new requirements on IAM and all upstream and downstream applications, systems and processes
Experience in implementing IAM solutions in cloud platform
Experience with vendor management and oversight
Experience in enabling SSO and Federation using SAML, OAuth and OIDC; MFA, Risk Based Authentication
Good understanding of TCP/IP and RESTful based architectures
Strong advanced troubleshooting skills with the ability to analyze logs, systems changes, and system health for root cause
Experience in assisting Incident investigations during security/privacy incidents
Experience developing and documenting business processes and workflows as implemented in IAM
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects simultaneously and follow-through on issues in a timely manner
Motivated self-starter with initiative to take independent action and accept responsibility for your actions
Ability to maintain high level of confidentiality
Creative and proactive problem solver; must possess the ability to make independent decisions and judgments about work priorities
Well organized, flexible, resourceful and efficient with strong attention to detail
Strong interpersonal skills; ability to work with all levels of internal management and staff, as well as outside clients, vendors, diverse populations, stakeholder groups, and customers
Desired:

3+ years of experience in Forgerock IAM
Experience understanding and implementing IT Security controls
Ability to learn and apply new concepts
Knowledge of Google cloud security
Experience working with Security information and event management
Experience in the government and/or health care fields
Understanding of standards and guidelines in areas of IRS 1075, MARS-E, NIST, FISMA, HITECH, etc
Contracts management experience
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Cybersecurity or related field


Supplemental Information

APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS
This position will be open until we find a suitable number of candidates to review. If interested, please submit an application as soon as possible. The Exchange reserves the right to close the recruitment at any time. To apply, please use this URL: https://workforcenow.adp.com/mascsr/default/mdf/recruitment/recruitment.html?cid=53289d67-dc11-4b90-8c27-a6b582f696a2&ccId=19000101_000001&jobId=441037&source=CC2&lang=en_US

SALARY INFORMATION
The posted salary is the new hire range of consideration. Full salary range is from $95,604.00 - $143,426.00. Offer will depend on qualifications.

WORKING CONDITIONS
Core business hours are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday. Travel requirements will be limited to local travel, however there may be occasions were an employee is required to travel and work irregular hours to attend meetings or trainings. Duties of this position require the use of standard office furniture and equipment (e.g. desk, filing cabinet, computer, printer, telephone, fax machine, copy machine, etc.).

The working conditions and physical demands are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

In alignment with the Governor's proclamation and WAHBE's duty to provide and maintain a safe work environment free of known hazards, to reduce business and community disruption associated with COVID-19 surges, and to reduce the risk to the public we serve, all employees must provide evidence that they have received the COVID-19 vaccination in full as a condition of employment, or have received an approved medical or religious exemption.

SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS
A criminal background screen will be conducted for candidates under final consideration, and if hired, every five years of employment where highly sensitive data is processed or maintained by the position. The result of this background screen must meet the Exchange’s eligibility standards.

OTHER INFORMATION
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and levels of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties and skills of personnel so classified.

This is not an employment agreement or contract. Management has the exclusive right to alter this job description at any time without notice.

The Washington Health Benefit Exchange is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.

We participate in E-Verify (Download PDF reader). You can view the Department of Justice's Right to Work poster here (Download PDF reader).

Show Less Description

Stand up and manage large, complex critical transformation programs to include activities around roadmap creation, planning, risk/issue management, communications, resource management and interdependency management to ensure a seamless delivery.

This role will ensure best-in-class future state processes and technologies are implemented in our transformation efforts.



Responsibilities:

Manage a large, complex Oracle Fusion program, with a Scrum/Agile approach

Oversee several workstreams and ensure interdependencies are identified and met.

Establish a program roadmap for development as well as onboarding of users

Drive and facilitate the right discussions with business leaders to identify business capabilities in relation to current and future business objectives

Manage stakeholder relationships, communications, and expectations

Ensure that risks and issues are mitigated and resolved

Partner with other program management leaders to ensure alignment on delivery across other critical programs

Advocate and drive adoption of “best practices” to ensure standardization of business architecture outputs across the enterprise

Education/Professional Experience:

Bachelor’s Degree or US equivalent

Preferred certifications: PMP certified, Scrum certified, Agile certified

10+ years program management experience driving large-scale transformation projects (1-3 year initiatives)

Managed program budgets of $5M+

Professional Skills & Competencies:

Oracle Fusion/Financial Systems implementation experience is a strong consideration

Salesforce implementation experience is a plus

Strong communication (written and oral) and presentation skills tailored to meet the needs of the different end users, team members, sr. management and executive leadership in cross-cultural business environment

Must be well organized, methodical and pay close attention to detail

Possess excellent written/oral communication skills

Able to work well in a highly collaborative cross discipline team

Flexible approach, willing to wear multiple hats if needed

Proven ability to collaborate in a global / matrix environment

Strong work ethic with focus on meeting deadlines and objectives

Solution minded, detail-oriented and is firm yet flexible

Knowledge and experience with Scrum/Agile and Waterfall methodologies

Leading teams in a matrix environment consisting of various types of roles and skill sets

Understanding and appreciation of processes/procedures and governance required to lead
projects and programs

Strong problem-solving skills,

Ability to breakdown complex business problems and workflows into meaningful components that are understandable by various levels

Tools:

MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, Visio, Teams)

Google Suite (Google Drive, Drive File Stream, Docs, Sheets, Slides)

Jira/Atlassian

Microsoft Power BI

Who are we?

Gartner delivers actionable, objective insight to executives and their teams. Our expert guidance and tools enable faster, smarter decisions and stronger performance on an organization’s most critical priorities. We’ve grown exponentially since our founding in 1979 and we're proud to have nearly 16,000 associates globally that support our 14,000+ clients in more than 100 countries.

What makes Gartner a great place to work?

Our teams are composed of individuals from different geographies, cultures, religions, ethnicities, races, genders, sexual orientations, abilities and generations. We believe that a variety of experiences makes us stronger—as individuals, as communities and as an organization. That’s why we're recognized worldwide as a great place to work year after year. We've been recognized by Fortune as one of the World’s Most Admired Companies, named a Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality by the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index and a Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion by the Disability Equality Index. Looking for a place to turn your big ideas into reality? Join #LifeAtGartner

What we offer:

Our people are our most valuable asset, so we invest in them from Day 1. When you join our team, you’ll have access to a vast array of benefits to help you live your life well. These resources are designed to support your physical, financial and emotional well-being. We encourage continued personal and professional growth through ongoing learning and development opportunities. Our employee resource groups, charity match and volunteer programs keep you connected to your internal Gartner community and causes that matter to you.

The policy of Gartner is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, citizenship status, age, national origin, ancestry, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected status and to affirmatively seek to advance the principles of equal employment opportunity.

Gartner is committed to being an Equal Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers, including job seekers with disabilities. If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access the Company’s career webpage as a result of your disability. You may request reasonable accommodations by calling Human Resources at +1 (203) 964-0096 or by sending an email to ApplicantAccommodations@gartner.com .

Job Requisition ID:74010

By submitting your information and application, you confirm that you have read and agree to the country or regional recruitment notice linked below applicable to your place of residence.

Gartner Applicant Privacy Link: https://jobs.gartner.com/applicant-privacy-policy

Show Less 
ReportDescription

The Identity and Access Management Director focuses on designing and supporting identity and access management for large scale enterprise. A successful candidate will both own the strategic vision for and partner with application owners and enterprise service providers to design identity and access management controls for internally and externally hosted applications.

The position reports to the Deputy CISO and works closely with project delivery and enterprise architecture teams to set standards, provide leadership, and be the strategic owner for identity related projects and standards.

Responsibilities:

Acts as a subject matter expert and has a strong understanding of product roadmaps, trends, and industry practices
Ability to work with leaders and team members at all levels and across functional lines
Demonstrates effective verbal and written communication skills
Demonstrates experience establishing and maintaining effective working relationships
Strong analytical skills and the ability to think strategically
Critical thinking skills and does not hesitate to question status quo

Required Qualifications:

10+ years of information technology /security experience, with specific expertise on systems, applications, or architectures focused on Identity and Access Management
4+ years of experience in a lead / senior role for large-scale, complex colleague and/or customer identity management implementations

Desired Qualifications:

Working experience implementing federated identity systems, directory services, role-based access control, multi-factor authentication, and SSO
Expert knowledge of authentication and authorization standards (e.g. SAML, OAUTH, NTLM, LDAP, Kerberos, PKI, XACML, etc.)
Strong working experience of Microsoft Active Directory, SailPoint, CyberArk, and Ping product sets
Proven ability to develop end-to-end security and technology control solutions (across platforms, application, data and networks)
Experience applying identity and access management technical principles, practices, and procedures to multiple applications or component families
Knowledge and understanding of diverse platforms and operating systems, including current and emerging technologies, especially cloud-centric solutions
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Ability to interact with all levels of an organization
Experience influencing management on technical or business solutions
Able to manage simultaneous multiple complex tasks and to bring activities to closure
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP)

Additional Desired Qualifications:

Experience architecting security solutions for financial services corporations
Familiarity with financial services compliance regulations and IT frameworks and standards

#LI-Remote

#LI-MH1

Workplace Type:

Remote

Huntington is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for all regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, gender identity and expression, genetic information, or any other basis protected by local, state, or federal law.

Tobacco-Free Hiring Practice: Visit Huntington's Career Web Site for more details.

Agency Statement: Huntington does not accept solicitation from Third Party Recruiters for any position

Show More Description

This role creates thought leading identity and access management research for our Gartner for Technical Professionals clients through published research, conversations with client (Inquiry), stage presentations, teleconferences, and client meetings. It is important that you have a vision for how identity and access management will evolve worldwide and at a regional level.

What you’ll do:

As a Gartner analyst you will meet with clients every day: on the phone, in a video-conference, from the stage at a Gartner event or face-to-face during a sales support visit. In every client interaction analysts help clients solve difficult challenges that lead to better performance. To support these conversations you will research technology, practices and trends and produce written research for Gartner clients to download and apply.

Conduct research and analysis in specific areas of expertise targeting client’s key initiatives.

Deliver high quality actionable advice through a variety of media.

Write high quality, clear, actionable, advisory research documents.

Remain ahead of the curve on developments and issues within these specified areas as well as applicable adjacent areas.

Respond to client questions, create materials for and deliver to clients in person, via teleconference, video conference or webinar and event presentations.

Maintain the Gartner’s industry leadership reputation by responding to press inquiries .

Proactively work with the wider sales organization and deliver outstanding sales support in order to retain and grow the business.

Kindly note this is an individual contributor role, not a management role with direct reports.

What you’ll need:

It helps to be obsessed with your topic! Gartner analysts are correctly viewed as THE experts. This means you need to know your markets, vendors, trends, management practices, etc. and be able to see the forest andthe trees. Most Gartner analysts have many years of experience and enjoy solving puzzles.

Minimum of 12 years of experience in IT and/or IAM

Bachelor's or equivalent experience.

Subject matter expertise in identity and access management technologies, with the ability to demonstrate understanding of the business requirements and opportunities in at least one subarea of that market.

Knowledge of mechanisms for the automation of IAM governance and user provisioning tasks.

Knowledge of designing, developing, and validating IAM interfaces to applications.

Knowledge of endpoint, device, application and user identity authentication and access management mechanisms

Knowledge of cloud IAM architecture and SaaS-delivered IAM services

Ability to mentor identity and access management staff at all levels for their role and personal development.

Broad understanding of identity and access management programs and commercial solutions.

Demonstrated superior analytical skills.

Articulate and succinct communication skills. Publishing and Speaking engagements an advantage

Ability to conduct occasional travel, regionally and globally

#LI-remote #LI-LT1

Who are we?

Gartner delivers actionable, objective insight to executives and their teams. Our expert guidance and tools enable faster, smarter decisions and stronger performance on an organization’s most critical priorities. We’ve grown exponentially since our founding in 1979 and we're proud to have nearly 16,000 associates globally that support our 14,000+ clients in more than 100 countries.

What makes Gartner a great place to work?

Our teams are composed of individuals from different geographies, cultures, religions, ethnicities, races, genders, sexual orientations, abilities and generations. We believe that a variety of experiences makes us stronger—as individuals, as communities and as an organization. That’s why we're recognized worldwide as a great place to work year after year. We've been recognized by Fortune as one of the World’s Most Admired Companies, named a Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality by the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index and a Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion by the Disability Equality Index. Looking for a place to turn your big ideas into reality? Join #LifeAtGartner

What we offer:

Our people are our most valuable asset, so we invest in them from Day 1. When you join our team, you’ll have access to a vast array of benefits to help you live your life well. These resources are designed to support your physical, financial and emotional well-being. We encourage continued personal and professional growth through ongoing learning and development opportunities. Our employee resource groups, charity match and volunteer programs keep you connected to your internal Gartner community and causes that matter to you.

The policy of Gartner is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, citizenship status, age, national origin, ancestry, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected status and to affirmatively seek to advance the principles of equal employment opportunity.

Gartner is committed to being an Equal Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers, including job seekers with disabilities. If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access the Company’s career webpage as a result of your disability. You may request reasonable accommodations by calling Human Resources at +1 (203) 964-0096 or by sending an email to ApplicantAccommodations@gartner.com .

Job Requisition ID:69805

By submitting your information and application, you confirm that you have read and agree to the country or regional recruitment notice linked below applicable to your place of residence.

Gartner Applicant Privacy Link: https://jobs.gartner.com/applicant-privacy-policy

Show Less Description: We are HALO! We build brand engagement for our over 60,000 clients globally and lead our $25B industry through the dedication of over 2,000 team members across the United States.
HALO seeks a Senior Director of Change and Transformation Enablement to join the newly formed Business Transformation Office. In this critical and highly visible role, you will lead, develop, and execute strategies to accelerate adoption of new technology, processes, and solutions. You will harness and enable an extended network of change agents across the organization to effect company-wide culture and behavior change in support of HALO’s strategic priorities, transformation objectives and portfolio.
You will deliver change management strategies and tactics while also driving team effectiveness to accelerate cross-functional and vendor team performance. As the leader of Change and Transformation Enablement, you will be the link to and key driver to establish and mature the function and own its success to enable change and transformation at HALO. The successful candidate will bring a combination of experience in organizational change management and project management and will have worked in both consulting and industry roles supporting organizational change and transformation initiatives (structure, people, process, technology).
This position can be based anywhere within the US, although ideally located in the Chicagoland area.*
Key Accountabilities*


Business Transformation


Operate in concert with broader transformation objectives and team as a steward and advocate for achieving HALO’s business and transformation objectives; delivering within span of role to advance forward progress and results while providing a consistent and seamless customer experience
Act as the point of contact for Change and Transformation Enablement transformation pillar and works closely across stakeholder groups and with business SMEs, functional leads and IT to advance transformation objectives and adoption
Collaborate with BTO and IT/Business stakeholders to develop, and champion adoption of, holistic and integrated delivery methodology and standards
Partner with members of the Transformation team and across HALO to drive project and company transformation goals

Business and Technology Management


Accountable for the consistent execution of the enterprise-wide Change and Transformation Enablement Strategy within HALO
Conduct current and future state definition and analysis
Develop and execute holistic change strategies and plans to achieve and accelerate desired outcomes and future state attainment
Apply change enablement techniques and methods relating to partner engagement, leadership understanding, impact analysis, learning/training, change communications, organizational readiness, deployment, and change adoption measurement
Develop impact assessments, stakeholder mapping, business readiness assessments, communication content, and basic training materials
Develop surveys, analyze data, and compile summary report-outs
Map planned messaging across project and company to ensure cohesive change stories to impacted stakeholder groups
Collect planned communications, engagements and change impacts
Ensure tactics support moving people through all phases of the change curve
Build tools, templates, and processes to support effective Change and Transformation Enablement

Talent & Team Management


Manage, mentor, and contribute to employee career development
Collaborate and provide input into performance management objectives, feedback, and goal-setting for direct and dotted line team members
Instill a culture where employees develop greater business acumen and focus on business value attainment, develop deeper collaboration, business engagement, and influencing skills, overcome fear of failure and engage in test and learn practices and develop learning agility to become more versatile and better able to be effective in a range of contexts
Demonstrates courage and willingness to anticipate and drive positive change
Support and enable project team effectiveness to deliver on transformation efforts
Operate as a change leader and change agent; mentor and coach team members and staff
Take initiative to understand, learn, and support HALO’s businesses and drive to win
Model and cultivate HALO culture and values

Requirements:


10+ years of organizational change management experience, with applied OCM methodologies, business process engineering, process design and optimization, project management
5+ years of relevant consulting experience in technology implementation, change management, process re-engineering, and/or M&A
Experience with modern methods and technologies (e.g., cloud-based solutions, design thinking, rapid and iterative delivery methodologies, including Agile)
Transformation leadership: demonstrated success promoting change and large-scale transformation by helping others to change and remove barriers
Consulting skills: able to assimilate business knowledge and knowledge of internal customer’s unique needs/situation
Influencing skills: ability to influence others at multiple organizational levels, to lead and work in a team environment; ability to lead collaborative efforts
Strategic communicator: able to simplify the complex with proven experience presenting to top level executives
Analytical skills: to evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, distinguish presented user requests from the underlying true needs, and distinguish solution ideas from requirements
Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving workforce and consumer experiences
Will have occasional travel to Oakbrook, Sterling, and possibly for industry, events, or other work related events.

*
Preferred Qualifications: *


Promotional products industry
ERP experience
Professional certifications in change management, business process reengineering, process design, and/or project management (e.g., CCMP, Prosci, Lean Six Sigma, continuous improvement, PMP, CAPM, CSM)

*
More about HALO*
HALO is the global leader in branded merchandise, uniform programs, and recognition and incentive solutions. We partner with our clients to break through the clutter of our media saturated world and connect their brands to customers, employees and other audiences critical to their success. As a team member you can expect a positive culture of ingenuity, inclusion, and relentless determination.
We also offer:


Career Advancement: At HALO, we love promoting from within. Internal promotions is the key to our exponential growth in the last few years. With so many industry leaders at HALO, you'll have the opportunity to accelerate your career by learning from their experience, insights, and skills and gain access to HALO's influential global network, leadership experiences, and diverse thinking.
Culture: We love working here and know that you will too. You can expect a positive culture of ingenuity, inclusion, and relentless determination. We push the limits of possibilities and imagination by staying curious, humble, and provocative in order to break through yesterday's limit. Diversity is the source of our creativity and we thrive when each of contributes to an inclusive culture of respect, dignity, and equity mindset in everything we do. We keep our promise for excellence with an unrelenting commitment to achieving results and supporting one another to stay accountable, transparent, and dependable.
Recognition: You're going to succeed here, and you can count on us to celebrate your wins. Colleagues across the company will join in recognizing your big milestones and nominate you for awards. Over time, you'll earn so much recognition that you can convert into gift cards, trips, concerts, and merchandise at your favorite brands.
Flexibility: Most roles offer hybrid work. In addition, we pride ourselves on flexible schedules that help you find a balance between professional and personal demands. We believe that supporting our customers is the priority and trust that you and your manager will find a schedule to achieve that priority.
Work with your favorite brands: HALO clients include over 100 of the Fortune 500 as well as thousands of mid and small-size organizations. You'll be on teams that are focused on the future of our industry and bringing our customers fresh ideas that are first-in-the-world.
Stay well at HALO: At HALO, we have benefits that support all parts of your life and to find a work-life balance custom to you. We offer easily accessible mental healthcare for you and your family. HALO has multiple programs to help with life’s challenges. Our program focuses on behavioral health coaching, therapy and psychiatry, personalized skill development, and providing access to care for your dependents. In addition, we offer nation-wide coverage Medical, Dental, Vision, Life and Disability insurance, and additional Voluntary Benefits. Prepare your financial future with our 401K Retirement Savings Plan, Health Savings Accounts (HSA), and Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA).

HALO is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We insist on an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Inclusion is a core value at HALO and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people.
HALO is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process – including the online application and/or overall selection process – you may email us at hr@halo.com. This email is only to request an accommodation. Please direct any other general recruiting inquiries to our Careers page.


Job Type: Full-time


Show Less 
ReportDirector of Reporting and Analytics, Hybrid, Bethesda, MD

Are you ready to seize an opportunity to develop and execute the strategy for evolving the company towards a culture of insight-driven reporting and decision-making, using intuitive visualizations and advanced data analysis for our high-profile federal customers? If so, this is a phenomenal opportunity for you.





Managed Care Advisors (MCA) is looking for a visionary leader who is skilled in designing best-in-class visualizations, partnering with stakeholders to understand their needs, and driving corporate and agency-wide insight-driven reporting and decision-making.





As a Director of Reporting and Analytics, you will lead a team of data analysts in enhancing value to customers by leveraging advanced analytics (descriptive, diagnostic, predictive, and prescriptive) and strong presentation skills to communicate program value and actionable insights. The Director of Reporting and Analytics ensures that required reporting is completed correctly and in a timely manner, while supporting, and leading, high-profile projects in order to develop and implement new analytical tools or methodologies.





Director of Reporting and Analytics Responsibilities

Direct analytical and technical solutions enabling business decisions across our high-profile clients and internal business units
Design, develop and collaborate on new analytical tools, templates, coding, or methodologies, with an emphasis on optimizing performance, in response to needs/requests from stakeholders or self-identified needs
Leverage analytical software, database reporting software, database user interface, query software, and data mining software, in support of both report production/development and data validation
Build and maintain relationships internally and externally to influence strategic direction, and act as an advisor to the customers
Manage the data environment/access for quick computing and complex analytics
Oversee the corporate capability for key performance indicators (KPI) and operational reporting
Serve as point of contact on assigned projects and is responsible for establishing project objectives and policies
Oversee the work of data and reporting business unit, including project assignment and workflow
Analyze, document, and present trends in customer program performance, internal operational, and/or financial performance to internal and external customers
Leverage industry-standard data visualization tools and/or BI tools to develop and improve dashboards incorporating both statistics and visualizations.
Supports data integrity, ensures reporting accuracy, and enables the optimization of reporting processes:
Leads high-profile and cross-department analytics projects for multiple stakeholders:
Collaborate with technical staff to standardize and mechanize routine reports, dashboards, and metrics based on industry standards and best practices.
Work with key stakeholders to develop and maintain data standards and common data elements for data collection.
Supports the development and/or implementation of training initiatives to build analytical skill/proficiency across the team or in collaboration with other departments.


Director of Reporting and Analytics Qualifications


Bachelor's degree in business or Computer Science, Statistics, Computer Science, Finance, or Economics from an accredited college or university preferred. Master's degree in a related field preferred.
Twelve (12) years of relevant analytical experience including eight (8) years of supervisory experience
Eight (8) years of healthcare experience, including but not limited to, Workers' Compensation, Health Plan, Insurance Industry, Medical Case Management, and Specialty Health Programs
Preferred: Experience in Workers' Compensation and Specialty Health Programs
Minimum of ten (10) years of experience in communicating, summarizing, and/or presenting complex analytics findings to stakeholders
In-depth knowledge and experience using and applying analytical software, database reporting software, database user interface, query software (SQL), and data mining software, in support of both report production/development and data validation
Experience using industry-standard data visualization tools, BI tools, and dashboards incorporating both statistics and visualizations
Experience with building and leading teams and processes in fast-paced environments
Understanding and passion for emerging technology
Understanding of data and analytics, application modernization technologies, the global cloud computing market, and key drivers for growth
Experience working with both in-house and third-party data
Experience working with project management and agile methodologies
Expertise using all MS Office Suite tools
U.S. Citizenship
Ability to obtain a Public Trust Federal Government Security Clearance


In addition to a competitive salary, comprehensive health and welfare benefits, and incentive compensation, MCA offers participation and vesting in a 401(k) plan with a company match. You will also be eligible for participation in our tuition reimbursement program and many other benefits. If you would like to contribute to our important mission and work collegially in a professional organization that values intelligence, integrity, and initiative, consider a career with MCA.

To be considered for this position, please submit a resume, and complete the application.

The information provided above has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work of the position. It is not a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required.

Important Information

Successful candidates will be required to undergo a financial and criminal background check and obtain and maintain confidential-level security clearance upon hire. We participate in the United States Federal Government E-Verify program to confirm the employment authorization of the employee upon hire.

Search Firm Representatives

Please be advised that MCA is not seeking assistance or accepting unsolicited resumes from search firms for this employment opportunity. Regardless of past practice, a valid written agreement and task order must be in place before any resumes are submitted to MCA. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at MCA without a valid written agreement and task order in place will be deemed the sole property of MCA and no fee will be paid in the event that person is hired by MCA.

MCA strives to make our career site accessible to all users. If you need a disability-related accommodation for completing the application process, please contact MCA regarding accommodations.

MCA is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, citizenship status, color, disability, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, or any other classification protected by federal state or local laws as appropriate, or upon the protected status of the person's relatives, friends or associates.

MCA abides by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities.

MCA abides by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified protected veterans and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans.


About Sedgwick

Managed Care Advisors is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sedgwick. Sedgwick is a leading global provider of technology-enabled risk, benefits, and integrated business solutions. Taking care of people is at the heart of everything we do. Millions of people and organizations count on Sedgwick each year to take care of their needs when they face a major life event or something unexpected happens. The company provides a broad range of resources tailored to the client's specific needs in casualty, property, marine, benefits, and other lines. At Sedgwick, caring counts; through the dedication and expertise of more than 27,000 colleagues across 65 countries, the company takes care of people and organizations by mitigating and reducing risks and losses, promoting health and productivity, protecting brand reputations, and containing costs that can impact the bottom line. www.sedgwick.com


PI197360535

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportDo you want to work on a product which touches and transforms the lives of billions of people across the globe? Do you want to lead the next set of innovations to transform and revolutionize it even further? Are you someone who is passionate about data & insights & creating a data driven culture in a large organization. Come join the Identity & Network Access's Product Management team!

The Identity & Network Access Organization (IDNA), a part of Microsoft’s Security division is building, deploying, & running the Microsoft Entra & its suite of products to enable billions of end users worldwide. Microsoft Entra delivers identity and access for a connected world, confidently enabling smarter, real-time access decisions for all identities across hybrid, multi-cloud and beyond. Identity analytics plays a key role in delivering this vision, with the opportunity to provide core identity insights as well as build AI/ML driven intelligent features that track and respond to changes in the environment and risk signals. Our team is looking for a Principal Manager Product Management (PM) who will be the data Identity Analytics leader for the organization helping build intelligent features & drive broader data maturity in the organization. As the “data CEO” of the division, you’ll work directly with teams across Microsoft such as M365 and Azure to jointly plan our analytics strategy for new markets, products & expanding Microsoft's global footprint across these products. You will also work with customers & partners worldwide to understand the key product insight and intelligence requirements, drive product strategy & execute on the vision by partnering closely with the software developers. You will also bring rigor to our existing metrics, platform to enable the division to get richer, faster insights. As part of this, you will champion our key priorities, OKRs & align leadership teams on forward path. Since this is a People management role, you will also shape, develop & lead a high- performing, nimble and analytically rigorous team of Product Managers & data scientists.

In this role, you will have a unique opportunity to help grow the usage of the Microsoft Entra and M365 services and synthesize data across our feature footprint to provide intelligence in product experiences. This will require you to demonstrate both empathy and technical abilities to succeed. You will need to be familiar with product telemetry, customer engagement & underlying infrastructure that can be used to deliver product improvements. You’ll be working with leaders & engineers in many orgs to drive a common cross Microsoft ambition of growing usage in Microsoft cloud.

Success means understanding the customer needs from start-to-finish and crafting the Product, tools, data & processes that enable Microsoft cloud to grow market share.

If this sounds like the right environment for you, please join us!

#IdentityJobs_
#MSFTSecurity
Responsibilities
Lead the team focused on building the data, metrics, platform which has data scientists and Product Managers
Partner with teams across Microsoft & service teams within Identity division to drive broader product offerings & monetization enablers. Evaluate key risks, blockers & identify path to green.
Work with customers, partners & internal support teams to identify key customer requirements/features needed to grow Microsoft's offering & work with Software development teams to execute plans and meet commitments.
Craft the iteratively refine the vision for the team/space while ensuring that you consider all innovative and impactful ideas from stakeholders, in crafting that vision.
Qualifications
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in engineering or computer science, or related industry experience
10+ years’ experience in program management or related business experience defining and creating software features
3+ years’ experience in managing product management teams

Helpful skills:
Motivated by business outcomes and data-driven decision-making
Excellent PM fundamentals: feature design, customer empathy, growth mindset, data driven, passion for learning, can-do creativity, concise communications, and ability to influence
Understanding identity and access management (IAM) capabilities and customer needs on data, metricsdata, metrics, insights, reporting
Consistent track record of collaborating with PMs and engineers across orgs
Creativity and optimism grounded in practical engineering and business strategy

Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings:

Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations, and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.

Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.

Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
Show Less Formstack improves people’s lives with practical solutions to their everyday work. We are looking for the next Stacker to help us accomplish this mission.
Formstack is a remote-first company with team members who live and work across the U.S., Canada, and the globe. We offer more than just a job; we provide a community where you can learn, grow, and thrive your way. Join a dynamic and diverse team that values relationships as much as results. Come build what matters with Formstack.

Rich Yu, Chief Product Officer at Formstack, is looking to hire someone to complement and strengthen the team.

What You’ll Do
As a Head of Information Security and Privacy, you will set out the security & data privacy strategy for Formstack, implement standards, and monitor compliance against security and data privacy policies by providing services and solutions to protect the value and use of Formstack and its customers' information.

How You’ll Succeed
Manage processes that promote security and protect the data privacy of customers and personnel.
Instill security awareness in the personnel base
Own and communicate security risks, priorities, and incidents to appropriate leaders
Document, implement, enforce and maintain an overarching corporate information security policy and underlying security controls.
Maintain certifications, reports, and attestations (SOC 2 Type 2, ISO 27001, PCI DSS, etc.)
Guide security engineering on InfoSec/AppSec standards, auditing, and penetration testing
Develop training materials and conduct information security and privacy awareness training for personnel
Manage customer security assessments, including review of security contract terms and completion of questionnaires
Continually evolve and update privacy, security, and information management policies and procedures.
Ensure ongoing monitoring, auditing, and testing of the privacy program to confirm all facets function as intended
Manage registrations and filings with applicable data protection authorities and/or agencies
Maintain compliance with the Data Protection Requirements
Respond accordingly to data subject access requests (DSAR) from customers or prospects
Manage vendor risk management to vet and audit vendors and ensure compliance with company security and privacy requirements
Coordinate with various business stakeholders to ensure new and existing products and processes comply with applicable data privacy requirements.
In conjunction with Security Council, manage investigations relating to the company’s privacy and security programs
Other duties as assigned

What We’re Looking For
6-7 + years in an Information Security and Privacy or similar role. SaaS experience is a plus.
Experience in managing SOC 2 Type 2, ISO 27001, PCI DSS certifications.
Relevant Professional certification preferred: CISSP, CISA, CISM or CRISC.
In-depth familiarity with risk methodologies and industry security-related frameworks.
Good understanding of popular application security and data-privacy standards.
Experience leading change in a dynamic environment and ability to build consensus.
- Succinct Communicator - the ability to break down complex issues and communicate at all organizational levels.
Ability to work in a cross-functional matrix environment.
Excellent understanding of vulnerability management and associated tools and solutions.
Interpersonal and collaborative skills to establish and maintain effective working relationships.
Demonstrated ability to develop and mentor teams.
Demonstrated inclusive leadership that embraces diversity.
Highly motivated. Ability to work under pressure and own initiative.
Solution-driven with demonstrated ability to meet deadlines and deliver results.


Salary Range: $170,000-$200,000 per year (USD) + up to 15% of base salary.




**This is a remote position **

What Formstack Offers for Full-Time Employees in the US and Canada(exclude Quebec):

Free health plans and company-paid Dental, Vision, Disability, and Life Insurance Benefits for US and Canadian full-time employees.
Monthly Health & Wellness and Technology stipends
Half-day Fridays
Unlimited PTO for all employees.
401k & Roth w/ safe harbor match (the US and Canada)
The most up-to-date technology, including company-issued Macs, the latest software, and other tools needed to excel at your job
Company-paid conferences and extended learning opportunities
Yearly company and team gatherings

Don’t meet every single requirement? Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every qualification. Formstack is dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic workplace. if you’re excited about this role, but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.

Formstack is an equal-opportunity employer. We are passionately committed to equitable hiring and boldly dedicated to diversity in our work and staff. We do not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on actual or perceived race, color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related conditions), age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, uniform service member status, disability or any other characteristic protected by law. Women, people of color, bilingual and bicultural individuals, LGBTQ+ persons, and people with disabilities are encouraged to apply.

All data collected in our application process, from resume collection to application questions, is used for recruitment purposes only. We will store it in our applicant tracking system, Lever, and will not share this data with anyone else. We will keep your data until the role is filled and only continue to store it if we feel you may fit future roles.
Show Less 
ReportFortune 4 CVS Health has an exciting opportunity for a Director Identity and Access Management to join our dynamic team! As the Director you will be responsible for leading one of the Identity & Access Management (IAM) Build teams in Identity & Access Management within CVS Health‚Äôs Enterprise Information Security organization. You will be responsible to defining, building and operating a large Technical Operations (TechOps) function to support existing and upcoming IAM technologies and deliver value to the enterprise.

You will be a leader with an exceptional track record in IAM and should have a good understanding of IAM technologies, concepts, policies, processes, best practices, and solutions. You should also be knowledgeable about broader information security functions, including how IAM TechOps respond and mitigate emerging threats. You will have experience leading and developing large teams and demonstrated experience driving successful Operations initiatives building enterprise tools and solutions.

Responsibilities include:

Lead the IAM TechOps function for all of CVS businesses
Build and establish the operating model for the TechOps function including 24/7 production support for the enterprise identity management, access management and access governance/ reporting solutions
Collaborate with IAM Build team in standing up modern cutting edge IAM technologies/ tools and establish the appropriate technical operations support
Build a strong working relationship with wide variety of stakeholders and their leadership teams the function interacts with on a daily basis
Advise and support IAM management initiatives and collaborate with the IAM Plan, Build and Run teams in support of building modern IAM tools
Collaborate with larger Infosec/ IT Operations teams in managing security incidents and emerging threats
Partner with the respective teams to ensure proper change and release management controls are implemented for existing and new IAM systems
Hire, develop and continuously mature an experienced and diverse IAM TechOps team
Drive a culture of Agile/DevOps for the delivery and support of IAM solutions
Participate in the roadmap and strategic planning with IAM leadership
Stay current on security technology and trends in the IAM space
Work closely with key stakeholders and partners to drive the implementation of the overall IAM strategy

The successful candidate will be experienced in managing and leading large IAM teams and have knowledge of IAM protocols and standards. The successful candidate will also have the ability to drive the TechOps function forward, develop a high performing team, and have stakeholder management skills with exceptional communication skills.

Pay Range
The typical pay range for this role is:
Minimum: 120,000
Maximum: 265,000

Please keep in mind that this range represents the pay range for all positions in the job grade within which this position falls. The actual salary offer will take into account a wide range of factors, including location.

Required Qualifications

Minimum 10 years of information technology experience
Minimum 4 years of leadership experience developing, managing and training of staff in an enterprise technology environment
Minimum 3 years of IAM (Identity and Access Management) experience

Preferred Qualifications

Strong verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Knowledge and understanding of DevOps principles

Education

Bachelor‚Äôs degree or equivalent years of related professional experience

Business Overview
Bring your heart to CVS Health
Every one of us at CVS Health shares a single, clear purpose: Bringing our heart to every moment of your health. This purpose guides our commitment to deliver enhanced human-centric health care for a rapidly changing world. Anchored in our brand ‚Äî with heart at its center ‚Äî our purpose sends a personal message that how we deliver our services is just as important as what we deliver.

Our Heart At Work Behaviors‚Ñ¢ support this purpose. We want everyone who works at CVS Health to feel empowered by the role they play in transforming our culture and accelerating our ability to innovate and deliver solutions to make health care more personal, convenient and affordable.
We strive to promote and sustain a culture of diversity, inclusion and belonging every day.
CVS Health is an affirmative action employer, and is an equal opportunity employer, as are the physician-owned businesses for which CVS Health provides management services. We do not discriminate in recruiting, hiring, promotion, or any other personnel action based on race, ethnicity, color, national origin, sex/gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, age, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less Great FTE Opportunity!!!!!

SUMMARY OF POSITION:

The Identity Access Management (IAM) Team Lead will be a key position for our client’s developing IAM effort whose duties are focused on the successful coordination of day-to-day team activities. Responsibilities are multifaceted but are primarily focused on working with and assisting the IAM Security Analysts to conduct user provisioning as well as user access reviews on those applications overseen by the IAM team. This position will be responsible for new hire training and will ensure consistency across all aspects of IAM practices by overseeing and maintaining team documentation, including team processes, application knowledgebases, and the team intranet site, among other things. To ensure uniformity, the Team Lead will also conduct regular quality control (QC) efforts of the IAM team’s efforts and document deficiencies along with identifying training opportunities to reduce rework or to correct problems. The Team Lead will be expected to monitor the IAM ServiceNow ticket queue and coordinate efforts on the team to meet capacity demands as well as to possibly backfill in times of need. Additionally, the Team Lead will work to track team service level agreements (SLAs) as well as work with the Director of Identity Access Management to determine and develop new metrics to better measure and inform our client's management on the IAM team’s efforts. As our client operates in the heavily regulated financial industry, the Team Lead will assist the Director of Identity Access Management with regular audit and examination requests, including evidence gathering and meeting attendance. The Team Lead will also act as a liaison between the IAM team and the rest of IT/Operations management to help coordinate efforts to expand the IAM team’s responsibilities over provisioning and user access reviews. Application training will be encouraged for this role to help assist the IAM team with a better understanding of the geography of the many applications run and to identify opportunities for improvement for the organization. IAM conference-focused attendance will be expected as The Team Lead will work closely with the Director if Identity Access Management to help support the development and implementation of our client’s growing IAM Program

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:

· Coordinate day-today team efforts around user provisioning and access reviews

· Oversee IAM training efforts for new hires to ensure consistency

· Maintain and expand a knowledge base of IAM documentation for internal and external sources

· Perform QC and monitor SLAs for the IAM team to ensure a commitment to risk reduction

· Audit and examination point person to assist with evidence gathering requests

· Strategic thinker with a tactical mind to assist management with the development of a well-rounded IAM program

· Assist other team members as needed to ensure delivery of distinctive service.

· Support project initiatives as might be required for the IAM team

· Provide distinctive service to clients and prospects, in person and over the telephone. Respond to client inquiries and satisfactorily resolve client issues. Support firm-wide achievement of the three-ring standard (all phones answered by a live person within three rings).

· Meet all the client’s financial needs, both business and personal, and refers clients to other specialty areas such as Trust, Investments, Insurance, Treasury Management, etc. as appropriate.

DESCRIPTION OF EXPERIENCE, EDUCATION AND TRAINING:

· College Degree preferred with various banking courses and seminars. Microsoft certification, network operating system, computer security and telecommunications knowledge preferred.

· Minimum of 10 years’ experience in one of the following, or a mix of: systems support, hardware installation and support, software security monitoring and implementation, and systems security.

· Knowledge of information security principles and practices, understanding of security protocols, principles, and standards.

· Knowledge of Microsoft Active Directory, Microsoft Windows desktop, and server operating systems. Cisco telecommunications equipment and current hardware technology knowledge.

· Working knowledge of all Federal and State regulations as it pertains to data integrity, security of data and privacy. Understanding of control measures and requirements of Sarbanes-Oxley.

· Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel and PowerPoint).

DESCRIPTION OF CAPABILITIES, PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS AND ABILITIES:

· Detail oriented with excellent interpersonal skills.

· Strong organizational skills required.

· Strong analytical skills required.

· Ability to work independently and prioritize daily tasks.

· Excellent verbal and written communication skills.

· Excellent client service skills. Tact and diplomacy in dealing with both clients and associates.

· The physical activities of this job include but are not limited to the ability to stand and sit for prolonged periods of time, use of manual dexterity, verbal communication, visual acuity, repetitive motion, and the ability to hear. Often long periods of mental concentration are required. Other activities are the ability to bend, climb, balance, stoop, kneel, crouch, reach, walk, push, pull, lift, and grasp.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $110,000.00 - $125,000.00 per year

Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This role is on-site. Please only apply if this is acceptable.

Experience:

Leadership: 3 years (Preferred)
Identity & access management: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: One location

Show Less 
ReportHi

We are looking for IAM/UAM Lead

Location : Waukegan, IL , Day 1 Onsite

This is more of a Lead Role & not a total technical role.

Role & Responsibilities:

Must have knowledge of IAM concepts like JML, RBAC, Provisioning, Access Reviews and certifications etc.

Must have prior experience of managing User Access Management operations.
Primary point of contact to customer for all day-to-day UAM operational activities
Coordinate with relevant business stakeholders that has direct/indirect impact on delivery operations
Lead/Participate in meetings with customer and other relevant stakeholders for UAM scope of work
Assist team members on technical, process and business queries to continue their work
Work on complex or critical issues based on the priority of the business/client manager
Knowledge sharing with rest of the team, document preparation, review and signoff from customer
Prepare weekly/monthly status review reports and present to customer
Ensure efficient utilization of team, and report it periodically
Identify and drive potential process improvement and automations to bring operational efficiency

Job Type: Contract

Salary: $73,950.67 - $163,517.81 per year

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Ability to commute/relocate:

Waukegan, IL: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)

Experience:

Linux: 1 year (Preferred)
Cybersecurity: 1 year (Preferred)
Information security: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: One location

Speak with the employer
+91 +14849538038

Show Less HyperVelocity Consulting, an Atlassian Platinum Enterprise Solutions Partner experiencing explosive growth, is looking for a VP Of Atlassian Services in a fully remote position to manage the delivery of Atlassian product management, agile, and tooling consulting and training services. If you’re passionate about the Atlassian toolset, self-motivated, and are committed to absolutely delighting your clients, we’d love to meet you. We admire critical thinkers with both technical prowess and killer communication skills. Sound like you? Read on.

The VP of Atlassian Services will be an integral part of our team, driving the delivery of our services and serving as a bridge between our customers, the engineering team, and the sales team. You will ensure that after a service package is sold, that proper handoff is made between sales and the engineering specialists and that the customers are on boarded and services are delivered with excellence and satisfaction.

Expectations:

Executive Team: Work directly with the CEO and President to build strategic and tactical plans for the Atlassian Service Delivery Team, including:
Staffing
Tools and Service Focus
Approach to engagements
Quoting and scoping of services
Translate statements of work into an actionable project plan with the assistance of the engineering team.

Analyze profitability of engagements
Continue to iterate on how engagements are delivered and scoped,
Managing resourcing, in conjunction with the , to match the right team members to engagements to ensure successful customer results and high morale among the team.
Follow up with customers after the ending of engagements to survey for strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and problems.
Coordinate and report on post-mortem reviews of engagements and any emergent problems after resolution.
Coordinate with operations on billing, especially for milestone and fixed-bid engagements.
Review contractor invoices and ensure contractor hours match client billings.
Skillfully negotiate and resolve deadlines, scope changes, and scheduling conflicts with poise and leadership.
Identify technical and logistical risks, remove blockers, and solve impediments efficiently and creatively.
Identify opportunities and drive services and licenses growth within engagements, including upselling and cross-selling opportunities.
Align project tracking against finances for revenue recognition, billing, costs, expenses, etc.
Ensure that contract terms and conditions are met.
Address escalated customer issues with speed and efficiency.
Work with sales teams to generate new business.
Coach new service delivery team members.
Prepare and deliver reports on delivery performance.


Required:

At least 8 years of professional experience in similar roles.
Excellent customer service skills - this is a customer facing role.
Ability to stay calm under pressure.
You are a curious person, willing to ask questions and help us figure out how to improve our processes.
Extremely detail oriented, patient, organized with the ability to juggle shifting priorities and track multiple efforts at once.
Ability to handle many incoming tasks in a manageable, organized and prioritized fashion
You are legally authorized to work in the US (we cannot sponsor visas).
You will agree to security and background checks.
Extensive experience presenting technology solutions to stakeholders of different disciplines and levels of seniority at a company.
Agree to security and background checks, including potential US Government SF-85 and SF-86 forms.
Once travel restrictions are over and you deem it safe, you may be required to travel out of town to clients or events up to7% of the time (expenses paid based on the then-current company policy).

Physical Requirements:

Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk or vehicle and working on a computer.
Must be able to lift up to 15 pounds at times.



Benefits:

Competitive salary
100% Of a Blue Cross/Blue Shield Gold Health Insurance Plan is covered for full-time employees; 50% of the cost to add children to health insurance is covered by HyperVelocity
Additional coverages / benefits:

Dental insurance

Vision insurance
Short and long-term disability insurance
Life insurance
401K (matching up to 2%)
Unlimited PTO* (only limited by specific client requirements, schedules and milestones)
Family-owned and operated company with access to leadership and room for advancement
Cats and dogs are welcome on all internal company zoom calls.

Join a small but global team of experts in a rapidly growing consulting firm, and grow your responsibilities and opportunities in this fast-growing field!


Diversity and Inclusion:
HyperVelocity Consulting is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Applicants are considered for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related conditions), national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, ancestry, marital or protected veteran’s status, or any other characteristic protected by law.


Candidates must be willing to participate in and successfully pass a background check and pre-employment drug testing and be authorized to work in the United States. HyperVelocity Consulting is an E-Verify participating employer.




E-Verify Participation Notice: https://e-verify.uscis.gov/web/media/resourcesContents/E-Verify_Participation_Poster_ES.pdf
E-Verify Right to Work: https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/IER_RightToWorkPoster%20Eng_Es.pdf

Show Less 
ReportIdentity & Access Management (IAM) Leader

Direct Hire

Boston, MA

Technical & Domain Experience

· 10 – 15 years of IT security experience supporting technology solutions or complex IT environments.

· 8+ years implementing Identity and Access Management solutions such as SailPoint, Okta, Ping, or other similar tools at an enterprise level

· Thorough experience of IAM principles, methodology, and solutions including access control (role-based and discretionary), authentication, authorization, provisioning, approvals, and workflows

· Understanding of key IAM concepts such as Least Privilege, Privileged Access, Roles and Data mining, Segregation of Duty (SOD), and Role Based Access Control (RBAC).

· Experience with Single sign on, Directory federation, SAML, OAuth, and Multifactor authentication

· Experience capturing IAM use cases and defining IAM requirements and processes

· Experience in managing IAM infrastructure, on-boarding of applications, health check monitoring, policy and password management, certifications, workflows, work items and rules.

· Experience developing IAM governance documentation such as policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines, role creation and management, SOD (Separation of Duties), and Access Reviews

· Hands-on experience with Active Directory or similar LDAP solutions

· Proven track record of automating manual access management processes across varies technologies

· Experience and knowledge of risk management methods and their application towards security, identity, and access management within a regulated industry

Process & Project Management Experience

· Document current state and future state business processes/workflows using standard process modeling tools and process improvement methodologies

· Work directly with business application owners and technical stakeholders to gather requirements and information on application data through reviews, information gathering sessions and walkthroughs.

· Ability to translate business problems, existing processes, and technology into service and process requirements

· Strong problem-solving and troubleshooting skills

Soft Skills

· Ability to prioritize and multitask. Flexibility and adaptability in work approach.

· Experience of managing a team of consultants

· Self-motivated and possessing of a high sense of urgency and personal integrity

· Calmness and clarity of thought under pressure and ability to maintain confidentially.

· Strong written and verbal communication skills.

· Demonstrated leader with team-oriented interpersonal skills

· Train other staff and external clients, as necessary.

Qualifications / Certifications

· Bachelor’s or master’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Cybersecurity, or a related field

· Desired certifications: CISSP, CISA

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $125,000.00 - $180,000.00 per year

Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

5x8
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Boston, MA 02108: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)

License/Certification:

CISSP (Preferred)
Certified Information Systems Auditor (Preferred)

Work Location: Hybrid remote in Boston, MA 02108

Show Less Identity and Access Management (IAM) Sr. Lead Business Analyst (Full-Time & Permanent)

SUMMARY

Join Aperia Solutions, a leader in SaaS solutions for the Payments and Compliance industries. Aperia has been developing and hosting complex, data intensive business applications for more than a decade. The company's management team has extensive experience in finance, data security, compliance, and business consulting which continues to fuel its rapid growth.

Aperia offers a competitive salary package and a great work environment with excellent people.

The Identity and Access Management (IAM) Sr. Lead Business Analyst will have responsibility for leading our Production Security strategy across IAM applications and tools, implementing it to the highest level of detail across various teams and business functions. You will work collaboratively within the IAM product team, our IAM technology and business operations groups and with technology partners across the organization to prioritize development needs in our IAM products. You will also seek feedback from our IAM application end-users to identify, document and decision enhancement needs based on their experiences.

RESPONSIBILITIES

· Maintains regular touchpoints with product stakeholders

· Understands and drives the product vision; represents the customer’s voice and adjusts to meet the changing needs of the Identity and Access Management (IAM) stakeholders

· Analyzes potential enhancements and requests, to determine the best way to develop and build the best solution in the time available, setting the expectations for the delivery of new functionality

· Partners with team to estimate backlog and then prioritizes into ongoing sprints to mainatin Roadmap

· Takes backlog refinement seriously and spends time refining the backlog, adding detail as they go

· Knows how and when to say no and ensures good backlog management by creating a manageable backlog with items that likely will get realized

· Oversees/manages detailed information gathering from the business teams and specialist teams (UX, Analytics etc.), preparing the handover of requirements to Scrum teams in the form of EPICs and User Stories

· Ensures Scrum meetings allow for honest and direct feedback, provides sprint goals, completes planning, and gets feedback via retrospectives

· Validates the delivery of acceptance criteria and ensures it is aligned with quality of delivery for “Definition of Done”

· Observes, analyzes, and learns the market, customers, and end users of the product

· Communicates roadmap to align with dependent teams and stakeholders

· Impacts business change and guides switch from tactical execution to broader business-wide thinking

· Measures value delivered to customers in each development iteration

QUALIFICATIONS

· Ability to delivers results, with a track record of achievement, accountability and translating complex strategies into actionable plans

· Analytical, planning and organizational skills and a talent for managing competing demands is a plus

· Time-management, with a proven ability to set priorities, manage deadlines, and make data-driven decisions

· Judgement and problem-solving skills, demonstrating sound judgement in assessing risks and making decisions that balance a variety of factors while always maintaining the integrity of the core values and business strategy

· Relationship building, stakeholder management, communication skills and being an engaged influencer

· Identity and Access Management product experience

· Competency with Minimal Viable Product (MVP), project life cycles, structured analysis and process methodologies

· Experience writing user stories for scrum teams, and delivering business value leveraging your training

· Knowledge of at least one lifecycle tool such as Jira / CA PPM (Clarity) / CA Rally

· Requires in-depth knowledge of job area typically obtained through higher level education combined with work experience.

· Typically viewed as the Subject Matter Expert (SME).

· May have in-depth knowledge of project management.

· Requires 10 years minimum prior relevant experience.

· Bachelor's Degree

· Must have solid organizational skills, with the ability to handle complex projects in a multi-tasking environment.

· Outstanding written and verbal communication skills for documenting necessary processes, business requirement proposals, client interaction, and project documentation as required.

· Thorough understanding of application principles, standards, industry practices, techniques and concepts, as well as contributing to the development of new concepts, techniques and standards.

· Exercises judgment in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results.

· Demonstrated ability to develop solutions to highly complex and diverse analytical problems which requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors.

· Prior experience working with large implementation projects.

This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive. An employee may also perform other reasonable related business duties as assigned by their immediate supervisor or management.

Principals only. Recruiters please don't contact this job poster.

DO NOT contact us with unsolicited services or offers.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:

401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Relocation assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

What is your expected salary range?

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Business analysis: 5 years (Preferred)
Identity & access management: 5 years (Preferred)
Financial industry: 5 years (Preferred)
Agile: 5 years (Preferred)
product owner: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Show Less Information Security Office - Security Infrastructure, Identity & Access Management
77161BR

University Job Title

Manager, IT

Bargaining Unit

None - Not included in the union (Yale Union Group)

Time Type

Full time

Duration Type

Regular

Compensation Grade

Administration & Operations

Compensation Grade Profile

Manager; Program Leader (M6)

Wage Ranges

Click here to see our Wage Ranges

Work Location

Central Campus

Worksite Address

150 Munson Street
New Haven, CT 06511

Work Week

Standard (M-F equal number of hours per day)

Searchable Job Family

Computing and Information Systems, Technical Support

Total # of hours to be worked:

37.5

Position Focus:

The Associate Director of Identity and Access Management (IAM) is a senior leader within the Information Security Office. Reporting to the Director of Security Infrastructure, this position is responsible for guiding the strategic direction of the all university authentication, authorization, identity correlation and risk based access control activities.

Drives a mature, cross-functional team of developers, analysts, and operational personnel to design, deploy and maintain identity-based solutions/services in accordance with zero trust principles and best practices in quality software development.

Prioritizes roadmap deliverables based on risk, compliance, university initiatives, operational and usability factors. Liaises with IAM Steering Committee to shape Identity and Access Management policies, processes, and services aligned with university mission priorities.

Ensures high availability of IAM services through operational rigor. Oversees ongoing maintenance, monitoring, and level 2-3 support for IAM services. Conducts initiatives to improve systems operation, availability, cost, performance, and manageability across the lifecycle. Works closely with Yale’s Client Technology Services to minimize the impact of access control changes on the community.

Work Location : Can be remote or hybrid

Essential Duties

1. Leads, manages, and advises a team of technical experts on all aspects of policies, practices, systems, and procedures within the department. 2. Provides managerial and technical expertise regarding the daily operations in one or more functional areas. 3. Manages and implements guidelines and systems and recommends changes to maintain consistency with the mission of department objectives. 4. Manages and works extensively with staff to develop and administer support plans. 5. Participates on project teams and act as a liaison with other institutions, campus organizations, vendors, and committees. 6. Works with all units to identify, analyze, and develop approaches that successfully meets the goals and objectives of ITS and the University as a whole. 7. Defines and tracks service metrics and work with staff to meet client needs and service standards. 8. Implements appropriate controls and quality assurance; ensures adherence to the process, consistent and efficient trouble resolution, error reduction, and continuous process improvement. 9. Manages the operating budget for their organizational unit. 10. Recruits and trains technical staff. 11. Ensures compliance and timeliness of all Federal and State regulatory requirements. 12. Manages a staff of exempt and non-exempt employees. 13. May perform other duties as assigned.

Required Education and Experience

Bachelor's Degree in a relevant technical field and six years of related technical experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Required Skill/Ability 1:

Ability to lead an identity and access management program in a complex higher education organization, preferably an R1 research institution. Experience with commercial and open source applications and middleware, including Sailpoint IdentityIQ, CAS, Shibboleth and Grouper an asset.



Required Skill/Ability 2:

Demonstrated expertise in cybersecurity frameworks, industry practices, regulatory requirements, standard cybersecurity processes, and the ever-evolving cybersecurity technology landscape.

Required Skill/Ability 3:

Ability to lead and mentor staff. Track record of building and maintaining strong IAM teams.

Required Skill/Ability 4:

Excellent oral and written communication, interpersonal, organizational, and planning skills.

Weekend Hours Required?

Occasional

Evening Hours Required?

Occasional

Drug Screen

No

Health Screening

No

Background Check Requirements

All candidates for employment will be subject to pre-employment background screening for this position, which may include motor vehicle, DOT certification, drug testing and credit checks based on the position description and job requirements. All offers are contingent upon the successful completion of the background check. For additional information on the background check requirements and process visit "Learn about background checks" under the Applicant Support Resources section of Careers on the It's Your Yale website.

COVID-19 Vaccine Requirement

Thank you for your interest in employment at Yale University. Please also note that the university has a COVID-19 vaccination and booster requirement for all students, staff & faculty which is described in the COVID-19 Vaccine Program. As you search our open positions, you will see that all postings list their on-site addresses which gives more detail on the on-campus work location of the role.

Posting Disclaimer

The intent of this job description is to provide a representative summary of the essential functions that will be required of the position and should not be construed as a declaration of specific duties and responsibilities of the particular position. Employees will be assigned specific job-related duties through their hiring departments.

EEO Statement:

University policy is committed to affirmative action under law in employment of women, minority group members, individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans. Additionally, in accordance with Yale’s Policy Against Discrimination and Harassment, and as delineated by federal and Connecticut law, Yale does not discriminate in admissions, educational programs, or employment against any individual on account of that individual’s sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, race, color, national or ethnic origin, religion, age, disability, status as a special disabled veteran, veteran of the Vietnam era or other covered veteran.

Inquiries concerning Yale’s Policy Against Discrimination and Harassment may be referred to the Office of Institutional Equity and Accessibility (OIEA).



W.L. Harkness Hall, 3rd Floor, Room 303
100 Wall Street, New Haven CT 06511
203-432-0849
equity@yale.edu

Note

Yale University is a tobacco-free campus
Show Less Interested in a career with both meaning and growth? Whether your abilities are in direct patient care or one of the many other areas of healthcare administration and support, everyone at Parkland works together to fulfill our mission: the health and well-being of individuals and communities entrusted to our care. By joining Parkland, you become part of a diverse healthcare legacy that‚Äôs served our community for more than 125 years. Put your skills to work with us, seek opportunities to learn and join a talented team where patient care is more than a job. It‚Äôs our passion.
Primary Purpose



Responsible for Parkland‚Äôs enterprise information systems operations, including Service Desk, Desktop Support, and IT Asset Management of end-user devices. Also responsible for oversight of outsourced functions such as managed print services, Contact Center as a Service (CCaaS), and other vendors. Supports development and enforcement of core ITIL operational processes such as Change management, Incident Management, Problem management, Major Incident Management, and Request fulfillment.


Minimum Specifications

Education
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Telecommunications, Information Systems, Business Administration, or a related field.
Prefer a Master‚Äôs degree.

Experience
Must have ten years of management experience in a large information technology environment.
Must have experience managing a Service-Level Agreement (SLA) driven outsourcing contract.
Must have experience with oversight of directly employed staff, as well as third party staff.
Prefer operational experience in a hospital setting.
Prefer experience with EMR system implementation and/or EMR lifecycle management.

Equivalent Education and/or Experience
May have an equivalent combination of education and/or experience in lieu of specific education and/or experience as stated above.


Certification/Registration/Licensure
Prefer an Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) Foundation or Practitioner certification.
Prefer a Project Management Professional (PMP) certification.

Skills or Special Abilities
Must demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills, and the ability to relate effectively with diverse groups of Parkland employees.
Must have strong leadership, planning, and organizational skills.
Must have a significant understanding of multi-platform IT environments.
Must be able to demonstrate both analytical and statistical skills.
Must have excellent presentation skills, and personal computer skills in PowerPoint, Access, Microsoft Word, and Excel software.
Must be able to demonstrate effective management skills and techniques.
Must be customer service oriented.


Responsibilities
Identifies and analyzes the design of jobs, work processes, work flows, etc. for the IT Service Operations department and implements appropriate changes to improve effectiveness, productivity, and efficiency that support the overall goals of the department and Parkland.
Selects, trains, schedules, motivates, supervises, and evaluates employees, making recommendations for disciplinary actions up to and including termination, to ensure maximum utilization of individual and group capabilities. Ensures that assigned employees receive opportunities to further their knowledge.
Provides daily operational oversight and acts as an escalation point for the Service Desk, End User Computing, and Correctional Health teams in IT, along with outsourced services, ensuring customer service issues are addressed. Assists in the prioritization of daily activities for each team as needed.
Conducts regularly scheduled meetings, including the daily Operational meeting and the weekly Change meeting. Also responsible for ad-hoc meetings such as the Root Cause Analysis meetings and Process Improvement meetings designed to improve specific team activities and inter-team communications.
Develops and monitors annual budgets that ensure the IT Service Operations department has the necessary funds to carry out the goals and objectives that have been established for the department.
Develops, implements, monitors, and revises annual goals and objectives for the IT Service Operations department that support the missions and objectives of Parkland.
Maintains knowledge of applicable rules, regulations, policies, laws and guidelines that impact the IT Service Operations department. Develops effective internal controls that promote adherence to applicable state/federal laws, and the program requirements of accreditation agencies and federal, state and private health plans. Seeks advice and guidance as necessary to ensure proper understanding.
Stays abreast of the latest developments, advancements, and trends in the field of Information Systems by attending seminars/workshops, reading professional journals, and actively participating in professional organizations. Integrates knowledge gained into current work practices.
Monitors performance of outsourced vendors through regularly scheduled meetings and through reporting mechanisms such as monthly SLA reports. Interacts with vendors for issues resolution as needed.
Working with IT management, responsible for organizing and leading special projects to demonstrate and develop innovative solutions for information issues of concern for Parkland.
Ensures that assigned employees understand how they can individually provide customer service to patients, employees, and vendors by monitoring employee progress to ensure expectations are being met.
Maintains a cooperative working relationship with client departments, senior management, vendors, and other hospitals to ensure that information needs can be identified and met. Interfaces with Parkland departments and users at meetings as required. Follows up with end user departments regarding reports of poor service.

Job Accountabilities
Identifies and analyzes the design of jobs, work processes, work flows, etc. for the area and implements appropriate changes to improve effectiveness, productivity, and efficiency that support the overall goals of the department and Parkland.
Stays abreast of the latest developments, advancements, and trends in the field by attending seminars/workshops, reading professional journals, actively participating in professional organizations, and/or maintaining certification or licensure. Integrates knowledge gained into current work practices.
Maintains knowledge of applicable rules, regulations, policies, laws and guidelines that impact the area. Develops effective internal controls designed to promote adherence with applicable laws, accreditation agency requirements, and federal, state, and private health plans. Seeks advice and guidance as needed to ensure proper understanding.
Develops and monitors annual budgets that ensure the department has the necessary funds to carry out the goals and objectives that have been established for the department.
Develops, implements, monitors, and revises annual goals and objectives for the department that support the missions and objectives of Parkland.
Selects, trains, schedules, motivates, supervises, and evaluates employees making recommendations for disciplinary actions up to and including termination, to ensure maximum utilization of individual and group capabilities. Ensures that assigned employees receive opportunities to further their knowledge.


#LI-RB1
Parkland Health and Hospital System prohibits discrimination based on age (40 or over), race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, disability, national origin, marital status, political belief, or veteran status.
Show Less Job Description Summary:

We currently have a career opportunity for Director of Global Information Security - Identity and Access Management (IAM). This is a key leadership role where you will have the opportunity to take on the next phase of IAM. In this role you will be reporting directly to the Global Chief Information Security Officer. This position is responsible and leads all aspects of Identity and Access Management by providing exceptional IAM solutions, services, and operations to secure our global footprint. We are looking for an individual with a passion for cyber security to work alongside a talented team.

As Director of IAM, you will build and lead the team personally responsible for architecting, implementing, and maintaining all identities (both customer and internal) across the entire enterprise including responsibility for the entire identity lifecycle. The role requires you to have a strong background and understanding of all cyber security domains and the ability to work under compliance and frameworks such as SOX, NYDFS, GDPR, and others such as audits by the Dutch National Bank.

You will simplify and provide value to the business by centralizing requests, automated provisioning, role mining, and RBAC/ABAC (role-based access controls, attribute-based access controls). Directory Governance is another area where you will be raising the bar on the health and use of the active directories, as well as building out metric/reporting to show the reduction of risk and security posture improvements that have been made. There are also projects throughout the technology organization to consolidate/simplify and decommission legacy systems that are already underway, and you will drive the adoption and business to the IAM team. We already have strong executive buy- in and support from our leaders, and this is a terrific opportunity to move things forward in IAM.

What You Will Do:

Develop and define the vision, strategy, framework and roadmaps for global identity and access management. Build and lead a global cyber security IAM team to implement and operate Aegon’s identity and access management strategy. Strategy includes authentication, directory services, federation, privileged access management, automated provisioning, compliance access attestation processes, identity and access analytics.
Support web access firewalls and integrate load-balancing on our F5 infrastructure.
Develop and manage key metrics (KPIs) and executing on continuous improvements efforts
Establish IAM continuity strategy to support Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery
Develop and publish IAM policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines
Support and drive all IAM-related governance and audits initiatives including SOD management, related audits, and handling of internal and external audit requests
Drive and support team as they engage with lines of business and technology to ensure best practice or issues are identified, enhanced, or resolved.
Enforce the IAM strategy across the organization
Participate in regulatory and enterprise audits to validate and improve the IAM program
Engage with other key areas of Cybersecurity to respond to any new vulnerabilities or findings that may cause impact ( SOC, Cloud security, Data Security, etc.)
Participate in strategic initiatives to position the organization for next level security response ( i.e. password less authentication, zero trust, identity-based analytics, etc.)
Ensure the functionality of system meets requirements, and that sustainability can be demonstrated, additional deployments of connectors and system enhancements.
Team building and structuring and finding the right hires and active projects around IAM industry solutions (e.g. AD, AD Azure, ISAM, Okta, Ping, ADFS, Sailpoint, RSA, CyberArk, etc.)
Builds interdependent teams that collaborate across functional and operating groups to create the highest value for all stakeholders.
Attracts, retains, and enables the career development of top talent.
Improves team performance, recognizes and rewards performance, coaches employees, supports their development, and manages poor performance.
Acts as a trusted advisor to senior leaders for making business decisions and implementing strategic initiatives.
Develops an expert understanding of business/group challenges.
Networks with industry contacts to gather competitive insights and best practices.
Recommends measures to improve organizational effectiveness.
Contributes to strategic plans, technology roadmaps, and standards and promotes adherence to them.
Establishes deep relationships at all levels, to effectively collaborate in identifying new technological directions for the business strategy and to provide input into the roadmaps for these solutions.
Acts as the prime subject matter expert for internal/external stakeholders.
Breaks down strategic problems, and analyses data and information to provide insights and recommendations.
Solves complex system issues/failures and helps to determine root causes as well as designing resolutions.
Takes a leadership role in projects to implement new capabilities, significant upgrades, and product retirement.
Works with vendors and architects to understand technology roadmaps for incorporation into security platform planning.
Explores opportunities for innovation using new and existing security platforms.
Designs, develops, tests, implements & maintains information security platforms to meet requirements for security functionality, performance, scalability, and resiliency.
Researches and tests new cybersecurity products and innovations to support tactical and strategic decision making.
Provides advice, counsel and support on information security platforms and services and recommends solutions.
Develops and implements changes to streamline and integrate security processes and systems in the organization.
Leads continuous improvement activities and root cause analysis with the goal of strengthening information security capabilities.
Builds effective relationships with internal/external stakeholders.
Troubleshoots complex issues with internal and external stakeholders as required.
Breaks down strategic problems, and analyses data and information to provide insights and recommendations.
Identifies opportunities to strengthen the information security capability at BMO, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building communities and professional networks across BMO.
Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning.
Ensures consistent, high-quality practices/work and the achievement of business results in alignment with business/group strategies and with productivity goals.
Understands the scope of complexity that exists in the computing environment and the ways in which security platforms impact that environment.
Communicates abstract concepts in simple terms.
Fosters strong internal and external networks and works with and across multiple teams to achieve business objectives.
Anticipates trends and responds by implementing appropriate changes.
Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed.

What You Will Need:

Qualifications
MUST have strong People- leadership experience with at least 5 years of experience in people-leadership roles and a strong executive presence to speak to CISO, and other tech and business executives
Typically 9+ years of relevant experience and a degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems, Information Security, or a related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
Strong expertise with influencing our technical experts and external auditors
Proven track-record of identity system deployment experience, and must be able to understand business and technical requirements, (SailPoint and CyberArk experience is a plus but not mandatory)
Must have strong understanding the Identity Life cycle
Strong ability to implement IAM Best practice control frameworks and overall understanding of Cybersecurity best practices
Strong understanding of Directory topology, how access is granted by instructed data, group memberships and ability to drive/support role mining activities.
Expertise with people building and building trust, approachable, and understanding when to lean-in or when to work with other teams and depts
Technical and system-level expertise in one or more information security solutions and/or extensive background in IT design and engineering.
Knowledge of information security design and engineering concepts, practices, and technology obtained through formal training and work experience
Knowledge of the technical/business environment and the corporate processes and procedures
Seasoned expert with extensive industry knowledge.
Technical leader viewed as a thought leader for innovation.
Verbal & written communication skills
Analytical and problem-solving skills
Influence skills
Collaboration & team skills; with a focus on cross-group collaboration
Able to manage ambiguity.
Data driven decision making
Preferred
Certifications preferred in a related field, with strong preference for Information Security certifications from a well-recognized institution (e.g. (ISC)2, ISACA, SANS).

**Please note that the compensation information that follows is a good faith estimate for this position only and is provided pursuant to the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act and Equal Pay Transparency Rules and other compensation posting laws. It is estimated based on what a successful candidate might be paid in certain Company locations.**

Compensation:

The salary for this position ranges between $167,600 - $216,700. This range is an estimate, based on potential employee qualifications, operational needs and other considerations permitted by law. The range may vary above and below the stated amounts, as permitted by Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Rule 4.1.2.

Bonus Eligibility:

This position is also typically eligible for an annual bonus based on the Company Bonus Plan/Individual Performance and is at Company Discretion at a rate of 20%.

Our commitment to inclusion & diversity means that we value differences. We encourage the unique perspectives of persons and are dedicated to creating a respectful and inclusive work environment.

Show Less Job Description:

The Role

Personal Investing (PI) Security Identity Platform Group is embarking on a multi-year journey to build out modern customer identity capabilities. As the Engineering Team Lead, you will lead a team of engineers to create transformative identity management solutions across multiple digital experiences and products, ensuring that PI delivers outstanding digital experiences to customers in a reusable, scalable, and efficient way. You will partner with various product owners in PI and across business units to identify the capability needs, develop an integrated roadmap, and execute your plans.

Identify business outcomes and KPI’s for customer identity management
Articulate and design identity management solutions in partnership with architecture and product owners in PI and across multiple Business Units to address customers and associates needs
Solve complex business problems in a fast-paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment
Develop and execute on the roadmap that aligns to the identity platform vision
Manage and grow an innovative tech team while fostering a culture of engineering and operational excellence


The Expertise and Skills You Bring

10+ years of software development experience in java, Node.js or comparable
3+ years of experience in leading agile teams to design, deliver, and maintain digital products
Experience in deploying and supporting large scale solutions that impact millions of customers and thousands of associates across a complex ecosystem
Experience with cloud providers and platforms such as AWS and Azure
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience
(Preferred) experience in customer identity and access management

The Team

Personal Investing is a business unit within Fidelity that focuses on delivering a best-in-class digital experience to inspire better futures by helping tens of millions of investors of all ages and affluence levels plan and manage their investments to live the life of their dreams.


Within Personal Investing, our team, PI Security Identity Platform Group, is focused on building modern customer identity capabilities to manage persons’ digital identity lifecycles, from registration, identity proofing, to deregistration in a deliberated manner. Our secure, scalable, and innovative cloud-native solutions enable multiple digital experiences and products teams to deliver outstanding and frictionless customer experiences.

Certifications:

Company Overview

Fidelity Investments is a privately held company with a mission to strengthen the financial well-being of our clients. We help people invest and plan for their future. We assist companies and non-profit organizations in delivering benefits to their employees. And we provide institutions and independent advisors with investment and technology solutions to help invest their own clients’ money.


Join Us

At Fidelity, you’ll find endless opportunities to build a meaningful career that positively impacts peoples’ lives, including yours. You can take advantage of flexible benefits that support you through every stage of your career, empowering you to thrive at work and at home. Honored with a Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, we have been recognized by our employees as a Best Place to Work in 2022. And you don’t need a finance background to succeed at Fidelity—we offer a range of opportunities for learning so you can build the career you’ve always imagined.

Many of our associates are continuing to work remotely temporarily due to COVID-19. When Fidelity employees eventually return to the office, our goal is for most people to work flexibly in a way that balances both personal and business needs with time onsite and offsite through what we’re calling "Dynamic Working."

We invite you to Find Your Fidelity at fidelitycareers.com.


Fidelity Investments is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that the most effective way to attract, develop and retain a diverse workforce is to build an enduring culture of inclusion and belonging.

Fidelity will reasonably accommodate applicants with disabilities who need adjustments to participate in the application or interview process. To initiate a request for an accommodation, contact the HR Accommodation Team by sending an email to accommodations @fmr.com, or by calling 800-835-5099, prompt 2, option 3.



We welcome those with experience in jobs such as Software Developer, Computer Technician, and Computer User Support Specialist and others in the Computers and Technology to apply.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportJob Family
Risk Management - General
Who We Are

Transamerica has been helping people feel better about the future for more than 100 years. We provide investment, retirement, and life insurance solutions to more than 11 million customers throughout the U.S. But the way we see it, our responsibility goes beyond our clients’ accounts. We’re in the business of helping people live well and empowering them to create a better tomorrow through the financial and health-related habits they form today. We help people prepare by providing solutions that consider the whole picture.
What We Do
Transamerica is organized by lines of business (Life Insurance, Annuities, Mutual Funds, Retirement Plans, Employee Benefits, and Financial Assets), which are supported by Transamerica Corporate (Corporate Development; Finance; Internal Audit; Legislative, Regulatory & Policy; Office of the CEO; People, Places & Brand; Risk; and Technology).
Job Description Summary
Global Technology Services (GTS) is Aegon's global IT partner that provides infrastructure services, information security and global/corporate application support for Aegon's businesses around the world.

From 6 locations in the US, the Netherlands, UK, and Hungary, we support 20+ country units and 24000+ employees in the world. Our support consists of a wide range of centralized global IT services such as programming, database management, project management, agile/dev/ops, and more.
We continue to maximize the value from having a clear digital and data technology platform strategy that extends our ecosystem, as an approach to digitization, enhancing customer experience, and improving operational efficiency.
All these teams work closely together to provide innovative and digital solutions as well as critical technology support. This is essential for enabling Aegon's businesses around the globe to be innovative, digital and competitive, efficient, and effective, and to provide the best solutions and customer experience for our customers and shareholders.
Job Description
Job Description Summary:
We currently have a career opportunity for Director of Global Information Security - Identity and Access Management (IAM). This is a key leadership role where you will have the opportunity to take on the next phase of IAM. In this role you will be reporting directly to the Global Chief Information Security Officer. This position is responsible and leads all aspects of Identity and Access Management by providing exceptional IAM solutions, services, and operations to secure our global footprint. We are looking for an individual with a passion for cyber security to work alongside a talented team.
As Director of IAM, you will build and lead the team personally responsible for architecting, implementing, and maintaining all identities (both customer and internal) across the entire enterprise including responsibility for the entire identity lifecycle. The role requires you to have a strong background and understanding of all cyber security domains and the ability to work under compliance and frameworks such as SOX, NYDFS, GDPR, and others such as audits by the Dutch National Bank.
You will simplify and provide value to the business by centralizing requests, automated provisioning, role mining, and RBAC/ABAC (role-based access controls, attribute-based access controls). Directory Governance is another area where you will be raising the bar on the health and use of the active directories, as well as building out metric/reporting to show the reduction of risk and security posture improvements that have been made. There are also projects throughout the technology organization to consolidate/simplify and decommission legacy systems that are already underway, and you will drive the adoption and business to the IAM team. We already have strong executive buy- in and support from our leaders, and this is a terrific opportunity to move things forward in IAM.
What You Will Do:
Develop and define the vision, strategy, framework and roadmaps for global identity and access management. Build and lead a global cyber security IAM team to implement and operate Aegon’s identity and access management strategy. Strategy includes authentication, directory services, federation, privileged access management, automated provisioning, compliance access attestation processes, identity and access analytics.
Support web access firewalls and integrate load-balancing on our F5 infrastructure.
Develop and manage key metrics (KPIs) and executing on continuous improvements efforts
Establish IAM continuity strategy to support Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery
Develop and publish IAM policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines
Support and drive all IAM-related governance and audits initiatives including SOD management, related audits, and handling of internal and external audit requests
Drive and support team as they engage with lines of business and technology to ensure best practice or issues are identified, enhanced, or resolved.
Enforce the IAM strategy across the organization
Participate in regulatory and enterprise audits to validate and improve the IAM program
Engage with other key areas of Cybersecurity to respond to any new vulnerabilities or findings that may cause impact ( SOC, Cloud security, Data Security, etc.)
Participate in strategic initiatives to position the organization for next level security response ( i.e. password less authentication, zero trust, identity-based analytics, etc.)
Ensure the functionality of system meets requirements, and that sustainability can be demonstrated, additional deployments of connectors and system enhancements.
Team building and structuring and finding the right hires and active projects around IAM industry solutions (e.g. AD, AD Azure, ISAM, Okta, Ping, ADFS, Sailpoint, RSA, CyberArk, etc.)
Builds interdependent teams that collaborate across functional and operating groups to create the highest value for all stakeholders.
Attracts, retains, and enables the career development of top talent.
Improves team performance, recognizes and rewards performance, coaches employees, supports their development, and manages poor performance.
Acts as a trusted advisor to senior leaders for making business decisions and implementing strategic initiatives.
Develops an expert understanding of business/group challenges.
Networks with industry contacts to gather competitive insights and best practices.
Recommends measures to improve organizational effectiveness.
Contributes to strategic plans, technology roadmaps, and standards and promotes adherence to them.
Establishes deep relationships at all levels, to effectively collaborate in identifying new technological directions for the business strategy and to provide input into the roadmaps for these solutions.
Acts as the prime subject matter expert for internal/external stakeholders.
Breaks down strategic problems, and analyses data and information to provide insights and recommendations.
Solves complex system issues/failures and helps to determine root causes as well as designing resolutions.
Takes a leadership role in projects to implement new capabilities, significant upgrades, and product retirement.
Works with vendors and architects to understand technology roadmaps for incorporation into security platform planning.
Explores opportunities for innovation using new and existing security platforms.
Designs, develops, tests, implements & maintains information security platforms to meet requirements for security functionality, performance, scalability, and resiliency.
Researches and tests new cybersecurity products and innovations to support tactical and strategic decision making.
Provides advice, counsel and support on information security platforms and services and recommends solutions.
Develops and implements changes to streamline and integrate security processes and systems in the organization.
Leads continuous improvement activities and root cause analysis with the goal of strengthening information security capabilities.
Builds effective relationships with internal/external stakeholders.
Troubleshoots complex issues with internal and external stakeholders as required.
Breaks down strategic problems, and analyses data and information to provide insights and recommendations.
Identifies opportunities to strengthen the information security capability at BMO, such as: sharing expertise to promote technical development, mentoring employees, building communities and professional networks across BMO.
Stays abreast of industry technical and business trends through participation in professional associations, practice communities & individual learning.
Ensures consistent, high-quality practices/work and the achievement of business results in alignment with business/group strategies and with productivity goals.
Understands the scope of complexity that exists in the computing environment and the ways in which security platforms impact that environment.
Communicates abstract concepts in simple terms.
Fosters strong internal and external networks and works with and across multiple teams to achieve business objectives.
Anticipates trends and responds by implementing appropriate changes.
Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed.
What You Will Need:
Qualifications
MUST have strong People- leadership experience with at least 5 years of experience in people-leadership roles and a strong executive presence to speak to CISO, and other tech and business executives
Typically 9+ years of relevant experience and a degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems, Information Security, or a related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
Strong expertise with influencing our technical experts and external auditors
Proven track-record of identity system deployment experience, and must be able to understand business and technical requirements, (SailPoint and CyberArk experience is a plus but not mandatory)
Must have strong understanding the Identity Life cycle
Strong ability to implement IAM Best practice control frameworks and overall understanding of Cybersecurity best practices
Strong understanding of Directory topology, how access is granted by instructed data, group memberships and ability to drive/support role mining activities.
Expertise with people building and building trust, approachable, and understanding when to lean-in or when to work with other teams and depts
Technical and system-level expertise in one or more information security solutions and/or extensive background in IT design and engineering.
Knowledge of information security design and engineering concepts, practices, and technology obtained through formal training and work experience
Knowledge of the technical/business environment and the corporate processes and procedures
Seasoned expert with extensive industry knowledge.
Technical leader viewed as a thought leader for innovation.
Verbal & written communication skills
Analytical and problem-solving skills
Influence skills
Collaboration & team skills; with a focus on cross-group collaboration
Able to manage ambiguity.
Data driven decision making
Preferred
Certifications preferred in a related field, with strong preference for Information Security certifications from a well-recognized institution (e.g. (ISC)2, ISACA, SANS).
**Please note that the compensation information that follows is a good faith estimate for this position only and is provided pursuant to the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act and Equal Pay Transparency Rules and other compensation posting laws. It is estimated based on what a successful candidate might be paid in certain Company locations.**
Compensation:
The salary for this position ranges between $167,600 - $216,700. This range is an estimate, based on potential employee qualifications, operational needs and other considerations permitted by law. The range may vary above and below the stated amounts, as permitted by Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Rule 4.1.2.
Bonus Eligibility:
This position is also typically eligible for an annual bonus based on the Company Bonus Plan/Individual Performance and is at Company Discretion at a rate of 20%.
Our commitment to inclusion & diversity means that we value differences. We encourage the unique perspectives of persons and are dedicated to creating a respectful and inclusive work environment.
What We Offer

For eligible employees, we offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to support both the personal and financial well-being of our employees.

Compensation Benefits
Competitive Pay
Bonus for Eligible Employees

Benefits Package
Pension Plan
401k Match
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Disability Insurance
Stock Purchase Plan
Employee Discounts
Career Training & Development Opportunities

Health and Work/Life Balance Benefits
Paid Time Off
Paid Holidays
Be Well Company holistic wellness program, which includes Wellness Coaching and Reward Dollars
Parental Leave
Adoption Assistance
Employee Assistance Program
College Coach Program
Back-Up Care Program
PTO for Volunteer Hours
Employee Matching Gifts Program
Employee Resource Groups
Inclusion and Diversity Programs
Employee Recognition Program
Referral Bonus Programs
Peer Recognition Program (BRAVO)

Inclusion & Diversity

Transamerica has made a strong commitment to inclusion and diversity, and we are proud to be an organization where all perspectives are valued. Transamerica has earned recognition for its strong efforts year-over-year, including from the Human Rights Campaign’s Foundation Corporate Equality Index, the Diversity Best Practices Inclusion Index, and Seramount’s “100 Best Companies” list.

In addition, as part of Transamerica’s commitment to maintaining an inclusive workplace, the company sponsors employee-driven Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), which are formed around a shared interest or a common characteristic of diversity. ERGs are open to all employees and provide a supportive environment for raising diversity awareness and promoting inclusive behavior.

Giving Back

Transamerica believes our responsibilities extend beyond our corporate walls. That's why we created the Aegon Transamerica Foundation in 1994. Through a combination of financial grants and the volunteer commitment of our employees, this foundation supports nonprofit organizations focused on the education, health, and well-being of the communities where we live and work.

https://www.transamerica.com/why-transamerica/aegon-transamerica-foundation

Transamerica’s Parent Company
Aegon
acquired the Transamerica business in 1999. Aegon’s roots go back more than 175 years to the first half of the nineteenth century. Since then, Aegon has grown into an international company, with businesses in the Americas, Europe, and Asia. Today, Aegon is one of the world’s leading financial services organizations, providing life insurance, pensions, and asset management. As a leading global investor and employer, the company seeks to have a positive impact by addressing critical environmental and societal issues, with a focus on climate change and inclusion and diversity.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less Job summary
Good storytelling starts with great listening. At Audible, that means each role and every project has our audience in mind. Because the same people who design, develop, and deploy our products also happen to use them. To us, that speaks volumes.

ABOUT THIS ROLE
Are you a creative, highly-motivated, data-driven product manager with a passion for acquiring new customers and launching new products? Do you have an attention for detail, and the chops to develop, test and launch customer-centric features? Audible is seeking a Senior Product Manager to construct a point of view based on data and work thoughtfully across multiple stakeholders to build, launch and measure customer-centric features that will support key acquisition initiatives for Audible on Amazon.

ABOUT THE TEAM
This role will join a product team based out of Seattle, WA that collaborates with the broader Audible organization. This role will specifically focus on deepening collaboration and partnerships with Amazon teams in order to drive intuitive customer engagement and member acquisition across buisnesses. The person in this role will work at the strategic level to create growth strategies from ambiguous situations, and at the tactical level to launch, test, and optimize features. A successful candidate will balance thinking big with attention to detail, adopting creative solutions to complex problems. The person in this role will both optimize current features for acquisition via Amazon Programs, and also scope new opportunities, owning and executing from start to finish.

Audible, Inc., an Amazon.com, Inc. subsidiary, is the leading provider of premium digital spoken audio information and entertainment, offering customers a new way to enhance and enrich their lives every day. Audible was created to unleash the emotive music in language and the habituating power and utility of verbal expression. Audible content includes audio programs from leading audiobook publishers, broadcasters, entertainers, magazine and newspaper publishers, and business information providers.

As a Director, Product Management, you will...

Partner with Amazon teams including Prime, Prime Student, Amazon Music, Prime Video, and Amazon Physical Stores to create delightful customer experiences across digital services.
Set strategy and drive quarterly digital bundle promotions with partner Amazon teams including incremental improvements and new feature releases.
Drive testing roadmap for ongoing programs including Prime Reading, Prime Persistent Offer to both measure effectiveness and recommend feature-level improvements.
Own features from end to end: manage business requirements, user stories, prioritization, planning, execution, reporting, and optimization.
Drive strategy docs up to VP level and scale learnings and best practices across broader product/marketing organization (Amazon/Audible).
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor Degree in marketing, economics, business, engineering and/or relevant field of study.
5+ years of relevant work experience in product management, software development, product marketing.
Experience working with engineering partners, marketing, product marketing, and analytics.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Demonstrated ability to build, execute, and scale product launches.
Flex between strategy and execution ‚Äì ability to pull out of weeds for bird‚Äôs eye view + strong attention to detail.
Amazon or digital subscription product management / product marketing management experience.
Experience with Amazon tools like Bullseye, Sonar, Symphony, and JIRA.
Experience in the entertainment or digital subscription industry.
Experience with planning engineering development cycles.
SQL aptitude.

ABOUT AUDIBLE
At Audible, we innovate and inspire through the power of voice. We're changing the narrative on storytelling. As a leading creator and provider of premium audio storytelling, we've redefined the ways people access, discover, and share stories. The stories we tell have the ability to transport and transform everyday moments into meaningful experiences and it's our people who make Audible's service possible. We're listeners, storytellers, and problem-solvers. Our perspectives and experiences power our ideas and come together in our mission to unleash the power of the spoken word. Audible offers a Hub+Home hybrid workplace model that gives employees flexibility between gathering in a common office space (work from hub) and remote work (work from home). Some teams will work mostly at hub, some mostly at home and others hybrid. For more information, please visit adbl.co/hybrid.

Audible is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Audible is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less Known for being a great place to work and build a career, KPMG provides audit, tax and advisory services for organizations in today’s most important industries. Our growth is driven by delivering real results for our clients. It’s also enabled by our culture, which encourages individual development, embraces an inclusive environment, rewards innovative excellence and supports our communities. With qualities like those, it’s no wonder we’re consistently ranked among the best companies to work for by Fortune Magazine, Consulting Magazine, Working Mother Magazine, Diversity Inc. and others. If you’re as passionate about your future as we are, join our team.

KPMG is currently seeking an Associate Director, Product Owner for Identity and Access Management to join our Global Information Technology Group which is part of KPMG International.

Responsibilities:

Collaborate with stakeholders, across technical functions, and our internal customers to deliver a technical roadmap for core Identity and Access Management capabilities
Perform all aspects of product lifecycle management; operate as a subject matter expert and product owner within a senior team of IAM professionals
Define and execute projects, policies, and procedures related to IAM solutions
Provide recommendations and guidance on identity, governance, and privileged access solutions to support our global functions and member firms meet their identity needs
Work in partnership with peer product management groups, operations, global functions, and member firms to help them take full advantage of the latest authentication/authorization protocols and privileged access processes
Give escalated support for IAM operational teams

Qualifications:

Minimum seven years of recent Identity and Access Management experience
Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited college or university or equivalent work experience
In-depth understanding of authentication, authorization, role-based access, least privilege and segregation of duties access control concepts
Proven experience leading product and vendor interactions with regards to identities, access, accounts, authentication, authorization, and governance
Excellent understanding of Active Directory, Azure AD, CyberArk, Sailpoint, RSA, MFA, SAML/OAuth, PKI
Proven track record of successful IAM product management and/or implementations and support of those solutions

KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer. KPMG complies with all applicable federal, state and local laws regarding recruitment and hiring. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship status, disability, protected veteran status, or any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. The attached link contains further information regarding the firm's compliance with federal, state and local recruitment and hiring laws. No phone calls or agencies please.

KPMG does not currently require partners or employees to be fully vaccinated or test negative for COVID-19 in order to go to KPMG offices, client sites or KPMG events, except when mandated by federal, state or local law. In some circumstances, clients also may require proof of vaccination or testing (e.g., to go to the client site).

Show Less Location(s)

Chicago IL, Jacksonville FL

Details

Kemper is one of the nation’s leading specialized insurers. Our success is a direct reflection of the talented and diverse people who make a positive difference in the lives of our customers every day. We believe a high-performing culture, valuable opportunities for personal development and professional challenge, and a healthy work-life balance can be highly motivating and productive. Kemper’s products and services are making a real difference to our customers, who have unique and evolving needs. By joining our team, you are helping to provide an experience to our stakeholders that delivers on our promises.

Kemper is seeking a seasoned and experienced leader in the field of Identity and Access Management (IAM) to fill the Head of IAM and Director position. The Director role is a critical member of the Chief Information Security Office responsible for implementing and operationalizing Enterprise Identity and Access Management (EIAM) Strategy, Standards and initiatives, and the enhancement of IAM processes and overall handling of identity lifecycle management.

This leader will provide key thought leadership as it relates to the Identity Governance and Administration ecosystem and IAM practices, working in partnership with the Core Technology Office and IAM engineers for the development, enhancement and technical implementation of IGA capabilities.

Responsibilities:

Lead, manage and build an operational team experienced in the IGA and IAM space to support the handling and managing of identity lifecycle management processes.
Refine and drive a comprehensive strategy to ensure access risk mitigation is incorporated into Kemper’s Information Security Strategy and the EIAM Standard.
Empower, guide, and inspire multiple teams of project, technology and governance professionals to deliver solutions, provide transparency and achieve compliance in support of the EIAM Standard.
Provide timely, accurate, and actionable reporting and transparency on existing and emerging Identify lifecycle risks, trends, service levels, and areas of concern to executive leadership.
Delivers automation that ensures IAM provisioning and deprovisioning controls are executed accurately and maintain audit artifacts for validation and completeness.
Delivers automation that ensures IAM certification control executes in a complete, accurate and timely manner in accordance with EIAM standard and policies.
Define and implement entitlement requirements for application security / role-based access (RBAC).
Influence technology and platform owners to build controls directly into the environment to create a frictionless access control adoption experience.
Evolve identity lifecycle management practices to keep pace with emerging technology, cyber threats, and industry trends.
Engage with and advise stakeholders within the business and senior management on IAM best practices.
Oversee resource management and work allocation, managing a team, and acting as an advisor/coach to direct reports.
Responsible for ensuring overall health of IGA/IAM services enterprise-wide.
Responsible for aligning IGA capabilities/platforms to the broader EIAM vision and strategy, developing and executing IAM roadmaps against the strategy, assuring capability meets the requirements of the controls associated with user provisioning/deprovisioning and overall identity and access management lifecycle.
Partnering with the Core Technology Office and IAM engineers for the development, enhancement and technical implementation of IGA capabilities.
Identifying and evaluating tools, utilities, processes and components that comprise the IGA ecosystem.
Develop KPI dashboards to monitor process performance and identify areas for Continuous Service Improvement.
Develop and evaluate monthly trends for KPIs and SLA metrics for in-scope services.
Enforce user access controls end-to-end and employee termination compliance, and access recertification.
Reduce on-going manual access administration costs by implementing process automation while improving compliance.
Drives continuous improvement of identity lifecycle and access controls in both ease of execution and completeness and accuracy.
Lead and build a team and individual capabilities to ensure employees can perform to job requirements.

Education/Experience:

Bachelor's degree in computer science, or other security/technology related degree or equivalent experience.
8+ years of demonstrated experience supporting multiple disciplines of Identity and Access Management including access control governance.
One or more industry recognized information professional designations (CISSP, CISM, etc.) preferred.
Certified Identity Management Specialist (CAMS), Certified Identity Management Professional (CIMP) preferred.
Strong core foundation experience in cloud technologies and services.
Excellent knowledge and relevant experience in security domains related to Identity and Access Management and Operations.
Expert and working knowledge in Identity and Access Management and Web Security
Expert and working knowledge authentication and authorization services and architectures (SSO, MFA, session and token management etc.), as well implementations and IAM best practices.
Expert and working knowledge of multiple IAM/IGA capabilities (traditional and cloud) such as AWS Cognito, Microsoft Azure, SailPoint, CyberArk, ForgeRock.
Expert and working knowledge of RBAC and ABAC (security models).
Expert and working knowledge of directory services engineering and identity store, directory federation, virtual directory and metadata synchronization.
Expert and working knowledge of user management services, i.e., provisioning, de-provisioning, self-service and delegation.
Superior leadership, collaboration, and interpersonal skills with a demonstrated ability to work effectively and build consensus in a multi-functional team environment.
Passionate about evangelizing standards around identity protection and security.
Superior problem solving and decision-making skills to resolve work issues with the ability to work under pressure in a dynamic environment.
Excellent communication (verbal/written) and good interpersonal skills to build relationships with internal and external business partners and vendors.
Strong desire to implement change and contribute to the organization.
Experience of working with new and disruptive technologies would be a definite asset
Strong knowledge of data governance frameworks, risks, controls, and data-related regulations/standards (e.g., GDPR, CCPA, GLBA, PCI-DSS, SOX, etc.)
Demonstrated experience in Agile project planning, execution, risk planning and change management.
Strong organizational skills with a successful track record of managing expectations, delivering results, and meeting milestones.
Ability to lead, influence and collaborate with remote team members and partners.
Ability to formulate the benefit of security initiatives in the context of overall business risk mitigation.

Kemper is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran, disability status or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. We are committed to supporting diversity and equality across our organization and we work diligently to maintain a workplace free from discrimination. Kemper is focused on expanding our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion efforts to align with our vision, mission, and guiding principles. Kemper does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of Kemper and Kemper will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.

#LI-AK1

#LI-Hybrid

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less Locations: Sales - IL - Chicago, United States of America, Chicago, Illinois

Senior Director, Technology -Technical Program Management (Remote Eligible)

The Senior Director, Technology (Technical Program Management) will be responsible for defining and delivering programs with significant complexity that have broad cross-organizational impact in a production Marketing portfolio that spans platforms, operations, delivery and onboarding initiatives. These programs are in support of a robust horizontal program that scales Marketing capabilities (including Data needed for Marketing) within Card Technology.

As Senior Director, Technical Program Management, you will partner closely with product, engineering, architecture, enterprise engineering, cyber and cloud infrastructure teams, as well as line-of-business teams to oversee and drive critical programs from start to finish. A deep technical understanding of software engineering best practices, cloud infrastructure, batch and real-time data access patterns, and platforms-as-a-service operating model is required. This role requires customer focus, organizational and people leadership, effective communication and program management skills. It requires partnering with all levels of leadership and building consensus by representing, verbally and in writing, complex decisions, and tough trade-offs towards a north star Marketing vision that you will help craft.


Key Accountabilities:

Build and lead a world-class team of agilists, program managers and technical program managers with a mission to power real-time, intelligent experiences for our customers and associates. You will develop a program management organization that embeds responsible delivery practices in all of our programs.


Scale the organization to support multiple fast-paced initiatives in Marketing at Capital One. Serve as an evangelist for the TPM function at Capital One, both internally and externally.


Manage programs related to development, deployment and operation of our world-class Marketing platforms, services and infrastructure that are always available, reliable and secure while adhering to Capital One’s platform governance standards, and meeting the growing demand and feature needs of Marketing use cases across our Card Technology organization.


Plan and execute programs for delivering Marketing capabilities and use cases across the company, partnering closely with appropriate teams across Enterprise and lines of business. Identify data dependencies and ensure compliance with our enterprise data privacy and security standards.


In this role, you will:

Partner with appropriate stakeholders across the company to assess software and architectural complexity, estimate data and infrastructure needs, plan capacity, develop program plans and timelines for ongoing and future platform initiatives. You will think holistically about technical initiatives and partner with product, engineering and architecture teams to think through all business requirements, capabilities needed and dependencies to be resolved.

Work with teams to set program milestones and communicate risks, progress and launch readiness across all stakeholders and teams frequently and transparently including retrospectives to learn from. You are able to identify potential technical risks and facilitate discussions to surface and plan mitigation strategies. You can lead technology-focused discussions with senior leadership by providing valuable insights and recommendations that guide technology-based decisions.


Capital One is open to hiring a Remote Employee for this opportunity.

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree

At least 9 years of technical program management or software engineering experience

At least 7 years of people management experience


Preferred Qualifications:

Masters Degree

10+ years of technical program management or software engineering experience

3+ years of experience in Marketing

At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.

The minimum and maximum full-time annual salaries for this role are listed below, by location. Please note that this salary information is solely for candidates hired to perform work within one of these locations, and refers to the amount Capital One is willing to pay at the time of this posting. Salaries for part-time roles will be prorated based upon the agreed upon number of hours to be regularly worked.

Location is New York City

$258,545 and $305,025 for Sr. Director, Technology

Location is Colorado

$219,074 and $258,458 for Sr. Director, Technology

Candidates hired to work in other locations will be subject to the pay range associated with that location, and the actual annualized salary amount offered to any candidate at the time of hire will be reflected solely in the candidate’s offer letter.

No agencies please. Capital One is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City’s Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia’s Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.

If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com

Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.

Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportOur Company

Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.

We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours!

Our Team
Do you aspire to become a COO or GM someday? If yes, we would love to talk to you. We are the central Business Strategy and Operations team reporting to the Digital Media BU President. Our scope is across all functions, all customer segments and all product categories with the goal of building the business for the next decade and beyond. We operate around 3 pillars: Business Strategy & Insights, Business Operations and Operations Excellence.
What you'll Do
Run the business: Architect and optimize the business cadence and metrics that matter. Set goals around headcount, budget and OKRs while driving accountability and visibility across the organization. Set the vision, plan and deliver on key forums such as QBRs, OKR reviews, and All Hands.
Strategy planning: Lead the strategic and operations planning process across the portfolio. You will define the framework, cadence, calendar and executions.
Strategic Projects: Identify, structure and champion key critical initiatives to drive the business and partner with cross-functional teams across the organization to deliver them.
Thought leadership : Influence senior collaborators and the business strategy by providing key insights. Drive alignment across leadership.
Be a change agent: Challenge the status quo by finding new, better ways operate and lead the charge in setting up DME’s strategy and operations for the next decade. What you'll need to succeed
Background : 10+ years of experience in business operations or management consulting
Strategic Problem Solver: You are a strong strategic problem solver that can zoom out to see the big picture and then zoom in to deep dive into the details. You can quickly identify the problem to solve, create a framework around it and then set it in motion. You have enough product depth to understand our customer journeys, and are “dangerous” enough on the business side to glean insight from our Sales outlook and financial metrics.
Analytical: You are comfortable building / being in financial models. You are not afraid to dive into a data set and can tease apart MAUs, funnel metrics or churn rates equally.
Storytelling: you can easily take strategy and insights and craft a narrative around it that brings others along for the ride.
Get stuff done: You don’t stop at framing up the problem and the data. You know that ideas are worth nothing without execution, so you create aggressive, yet realistic plans. You collaborate with key partners to ensure we are considering all the right inputs.
Communications and influence: You create crisp, clear and concise communication - both written and verbal. You can influence without direct authority
Leadership: Ability to work with Sr. leaders. You build relationships, set a roadmap and shepherd others to follow it, and while making it a fun journey.
Thrive in ambiguity: You are flexible and agile. You welcome ambiguity as an opportunity to give shape and scope to problems. Get to know the team

At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized around the world . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer.

Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We hire hard working individuals, regardless of gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We know that when our employees feel appreciated and included, they can be more creative, innovative and successful. This is what it means to be Adobe For All. Learn more about our vision here .

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportOur Company

Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.

We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours!

Our Team
Do you aspire to become a COO or GM someday? If yes, we would love to talk to you. We are the central Business Strategy and Operations team reporting to the Digital Media BU President. Our scope is across all functions, all customer segments and all product categories with the goal of building the business for the next decade and beyond. We operate around 3 pillars: Business Strategy & Insights, Business Operations and Operations Excellence.
What you'll Do
Business Growth: You will drive strategic projects that move the needle for the business such as enabling our Market intelligence, evaluating key M&A targets, finding opportunities for organic growth across the portfolio.
Business Strategy: Ensure clarity across the portfolio on business priorities. Partner with the business leaders to assess different business models and commercial initiatives.
Business analytics & insights: Proactively identify, track and share business insights to inform the business direction by using both data analysis and business judgment.
Thought leadership : Influence senior collaborators and the business strategy by providing key insights. Drive alignment across leadership.
Be a change agent: Challenge the status quo by finding new, better ways to run the business and lead the charge in setting up DME’s strategy and operations for the next decade. What you'll need to succeed
Background : 10+ years of experience in business strategy or management consulting
Strategic Problem Solver: You are a strong strategic problem solver that can zoom out to see the big picture and then zoom in to deep dive into the details. You can quickly identify the problem to solve, create a framework around it and then set it in motion. You have enough product depth to understand our customer journeys, and are “dangerous” enough on the business side to glean insight from our Sales outlook and financial metrics.
Analytical: You are comfortable building / being in financial models. You are not afraid to dive into a data set and can tease apart MAUs, funnel metrics or churn rates equally.
Storytelling: you can easily take strategy and insights and craft a narrative around it that brings others along for the ride.
Get stuff done: You don’t stop at framing up the problem and the data. You know that ideas are worth nothing without execution, so you create aggressive, yet realistic plans. You collaborate with key partners to ensure we are considering all the right inputs.
Communications and influence: You create crisp, clear and concise communication - both written and verbal. You can influence without direct authority
Leadership: Ability to work with Sr. leaders. You build relationships, set a roadmap and shepherd others to follow it, and while making it a fun journey.
Thrive in ambiguity: You are flexible and agile. You welcome ambiguity as an opportunity to give shape and scope to problems. Get to know the team

At Adobe, you will be immersed in an exceptional work environment that is recognized around the world . You will also be surrounded by colleagues who are committed to helping each other grow through our unique Check-In approach where ongoing feedback flows freely. If you’re looking to make an impact, Adobe's the place for you. Discover what our employees are saying about their career experiences on the Adobe Life blog and explore the meaningful benefits we offer.

Adobe is an equal opportunity employer. We hire hard working individuals, regardless of gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We know that when our employees feel appreciated and included, they can be more creative, innovative and successful. This is what it means to be Adobe For All. Learn more about our vision here .

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportOur Purpose
We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a
culture of inclusion
for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results.
Job Title
Director, Technical Program Management
Job Description: Director, Technical Program Management (NYC)
Mastercard is a world leading payments and technology company with the aspiration to help reshape the digital economy so everyone can realize their ambitions. Technology is our product, and we pride ourselves in using the latest technologies to create secure, customer centric experiences.
We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a culture of inclusion for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results.

Overview
The Director, Technical Program Management will be part of the Technology Strategy and Transformation team, and will be responsible for defining enterprise work standards and related processes, templates, and best practices for product and delivery organizations, and enabling teams on adoption. This individual would further support efforts on motivating these organizations on a product transformation journey, driving a culture that celebrates innovation and customer centricity, while enabling agility and responses to change.

Responsibilities

Operates with product-oriented mindset that demonstrates a knowledge of tools, techniques, practices, and frameworks
Provides coaching to teams and programs on various aspects of the product development and delivery process
Establish and manage a team of direct reports responsible for the definition and training of tooling, processes, templates, and best practices to product and delivery organizations
Support monitoring and communication of key Product & Agile performance metrics, as well as progress against program maturity
Advise and propose ways of working that improve the delivery of value through a variety of frameworks
Ensure adherence to Product & Agile standards and frameworks through facilitation of efforts that build efficiencies in processes, interactions, governance, tools, and documentation
Gather and inform product requirements and functional requirements for product enhancements
Lead senior business stakeholders through change adoption and transformation activities, beginning with discovery through the delivery of customer value to achieve optimal performance
Form strong relationships with internal customers and stakeholders that contribute to successful outcomes and growth
Must be considered a credible expert by executive management, leadership teams, Global Subject Matter Experts and key stakeholders across the enterprise.

All about you

Self-starter and quick learner with ability to work independently and drive results.
Experience in driving adoption and providing training of new tools/platforms, agile methodology, best practices, and processes across a large customer base.
Interface with a diverse customer base to understand requirements, priorities, and processes.
Enjoy collaborating with other teams (ex. product management, customer service, production operations) to achieve business goals and product management excellence
Help define long-term development and business technology strategies
Skilled at learning quickly, implementing new technologies, frameworks and tools and supporting multiple concurrent activities
Detail-oriented, proactive and able to function under pressure in an independent environment along with a high degree of initiative and self-motivation to drive results
Strong communication skills - both verbal and written – and strong relationship, collaboration skills
Strong familiarity with product management, work management, and collaboration tools such as Aha!, Jira, etc.
Hand-on experience with Atlassian tools ex Jira Software and product management tools ex Aha! preferred
Experience in coaching a large customer base on agile methodology and product management best practices
Demonstrated experience as people manager with the ability to attract, recruit, and develop technical talent

Due to COVID-19, most of our employees are working from home. We’ve implemented a virtual hiring process and continue to interview candidates by phone or video and are onboarding new hires remotely. We value the safety of each member of our community because we know we’re all in this together.

Mastercard is an inclusive Equal Employment Opportunity employer that considers applicants without regard to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, disabled or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
If you require accommodations or assistance to complete the online application process, please contact reasonable.accommodation@mastercard.com and identify the type of accommodation or assistance you are requesting. Do not include any medical or health information in this email. The Reasonable Accommodations team will respond to your email promptly.In the US, Mastercard is an inclusive Equal Employment Opportunity employer that considers applicants without regard to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, disabled or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you require accommodations or assistance to complete the online application process, please contact reasonable_accommodation@mastercard.com and identify the type of accommodation or assistance you are requesting. Do not include any medical or health information in this email. The Reasonable Accommodations team will respond to your email promptly.
Corporate Security Responsibility
All activities involving access to Mastercard assets, information, and networks comes with an inherent risk to the organization and, therefore, it is expected that every person working for, or on behalf of, Mastercard is responsible for information security and must:
Abide by Mastercard’s security policies and practices;
Ensure the confidentiality and integrity of the information being accessed;
Report any suspected information security violation or breach, and
Complete all periodic mandatory security trainings in accordance with Mastercard’s guidelines.


NYC Salary Range: $113,000 - $175,000

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportOur Story

Founded in 2008, Hightower is a wealth management firm that provides investment, financial and retirement planning services to individuals, foundations and family offices, as well as 401(k) consulting and cash management services to corporations. Hightower’s capital solutions, operational support services, size and scale empower its vibrant community of independent-minded wealth advisors to grow their businesses and help their clients achieve their vision of “well-th. rebalanced.” Based in Chicago with advisors across the U.S., we operate as a registered investment advisor (RIA).

Our commitment to our culture is demonstrated every day through the Hightower Way. By joining Hightower, you will build a community of inclusive relationships, take proactive ownership, embrace others’ perspectives, and have an uncompromising dedication to excellence.

What You’ll Do

As part of the Technology Infrastructure Leadership Team, the Director of Identity and Access Management will manage the IAM operations and programs for all of Hightower and our affiliates. You will build, leads, and executes the IAM strategies and plans along with shaping the execution of standard, automated and self-service driven processes to enhance the productivity of the Hightower workforce while also enhancing its security posture. You will work with peers and partners to influence technical and business projects to adopt the IAM strategies. Additionally, you will implement strategies core to internal business processes and work with external providers and partners to securely ensure their digital access into Hightower's platform. You will report directly to the Executive Director of Technology Infrastructure and will manage a team of 4.


Serve as a Hightower brand ambassador by upholding The Hightower Way cultural elements – Mission, Purpose, V.A.L.U.E. Experience, Commitment and Standards, promoting excellence in the internal and external client experience during every encounter
Improve consistency in every client and colleague encounter by embodying the core principles of our Hightower V.A.L.U.E. Experience (Validate, Actively Listen, Leverage Resources, Understand Ownership, Express Gratitude)
Partner with cross-discipline team members to support collaboration and promote a positive client experience.
Develop the vision, strategy, framework and roadmaps for centralized identity and access management including privileged access management, role-based access control, provisioning and audit readiness
Lead a team of professionals to implement and operate, our identity and access management strategy, inclusive of staying current on the latest identity management trends, understanding our requirements and opportunities for automation, self-service and productivity gains, evaluating technologies to meet these strategies, and continuing to mature the IAM program
Establish IAM continuity strategy to support Disaster Recovery programs
Manage operational activities such as processing of system access requests, supporting new employee orientation, and processing all policy and regulatory required activities
Develop important metrics (KPIs) and implementing improvements while liaising and managing important vendors to support the IAM program
Provide leadership to support other Hightower IT projects and operations that require IAM services
Develop functional goals
Manage annual operating, capital, and project budgets
What You’ll Bring

Develop relationships with important partners throughout the Hightower organization
Use existing processes, or identify opportunities to integrate or develop processes to help the business to move more quickly and avoid redundant processes
Attract and retain talent and ensure staff development. Foster diversity
Provide access administration, reporting, recertification, audit response, and service level agreement delivery for Enterprise IT environments
Manage an operating budget and project spend with financial discipline; establish a resource model that can flex
Bachelor's degree in a Business, Administrative or Technology related subject.
10+ years of various experience in Information Technology with a minimum of 3 years of management experience related to Identity and Access Management
Collaborative and transformational leader striving to improve the enterprise identity and access management
Experience developing role-based access control strategy and production implementation
Experience in defining, implementing, and executing centralized IAM services across a enterprise
Support governance, risk, compliance and enterprise security efforts and initiatives
Experience working with IT vendors, suppliers and managed services providers
Bring insight, knowledge, best practices and feedback to strategic discussions
Excellent presentation, communication, negotiation, influence and collaboration skills
Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate technical and business issues and solutions to multiple organizational levels internally and externally
Strong leadership and organizational skills with the ability to adapt quickly to changing priorities and assignments
What We Offer

Coverage on the first day of employment for medical, dental, and vision insurance
Paid parental leave (16 weeks for primary caregiver and 8 weeks for secondary caregiver)
Flexible PTO plan
Hybrid model work schedule (50% in office)
401k matching plan
HSA employer contributions
Student loan assistance
Pet insurance
We commit to a transparent, people-first environment where talent is maximized through our diverse, equitable and inclusive community
We nurture a spirit of belonging, are energized by challenges, celebrate our successes, and achieve individual and collective well-th goals
AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER: Hightower is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based upon race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, marital status, national origin, citizenship, veteran status, ancestry, age (over 40), physical or mental disability, medical condition (cancer-related), gender identity or expression, genetic information including sickle cell or hemoglobin C trait, or any other consideration made unlawful by applicable federal, state, or local law.

You are a U.S. citizen, U.S. permanent resident or possess other unrestricted U.S. work authorization and will not require sponsorship for U.S. work authorization now or anytime in the future.

To apply to this job, click Easy Apply

Show Less Overview

Role : Identity & Access Management Technologies Leader

100% Remote

Full Time position.




Job Description :




Provides comprehensive application functionality, configuration and support expertise for application software solutions; works with business analysts, architects, technical experts and software vendors on the solution requirements, design, configuration, functionality gap resolution, implementation, support, maintenance and enhancement of the applications.
Analyzes and evaluates application functionality and provides recommendations to increase utilization of standard application functionality to improve business processes and capabilities
Determines and documents optimum application setup and configuration to meet functional requirements and specifications; configures and verifies application setup and configuration.
Develops expertise in emerging application and solution trends and functionality; provides functional recommendations for assigned applications and systems.
Conducts analysis of potential application solutions, identifies and recommends solutions to address functionality gaps in the application.
Partners with process owners, business analysts, systems analysts and architects to gather, document and review functional, architecture and technical requirements and define application functional designs.

To be successful in this role you will need the following:

Solution Design - Creates and defines the solution design complete with instrumentation and measurement, using industry standards and tools, version control, and build and test automation to synthesize diagrams, models and documentation in order to build a solution that meets buildability, business, technical, security, governance and compliance requirements.
Solution Validation Testing - Validates a configuration item change or solution using the Function's defined best practices, including the Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC) standards, tools and metrics, to ensure that it works as designed and meets customer requirements.
Solution Configuration - Configures, creates and tests a solution for commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) applications using industry standards and tools, version control, and build and test automation to meet business, technical, security, governance and compliance requirements.
Solution Modeling - Creates, designs and formulates models, diagrams and documentation using industry standards, tools, version control, and build and test automation to meet business, technical, security, governance and compliance requirements.

Experience

Intermediate level of relevant work experience required. 3-5 years of experience.

Direct accountability, management, and leadership of the Identity & Access Management working with our application, infrastructure and cybersecurity teams
Maintain advanced working knowledge of access management, Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) and Federated Identities, directory services, Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) & upcoming technologies in the identity space
Participate in the full spectrum of team activities including planning, design, implementation, validation, and retrospection & supervise our IAM support teams
Participate in projects and initiatives working with IAM team members, architectural, development and engineering teams, service owners and business stakeholders to provide enterprise IAM solutions that are scalable and adaptable with the ever-changing business needs and industry demands
Demonstrate advanced understanding of business processes, internal controls, risk management, IT Controls, and related standards and participates in internal and external audit activities, maintains documentation for future audits
Experience with using Scaled Agile and DevSecOps if preferred

Here are a few points for Identity and Access Management (IAM) position.




Account Creation/Deletions
Single Sign On (SSO, Simplified sign on)
Directory Repository (LDAP/Active Directory, Cloud Identity)
Federation, SAML
Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)
Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)
Password resets/self-service
External Identity Management (Customers, Consumers, Third Parties)
Integration with Cloud-based identities
IAM SaaS solutions
Password-less authentication (Voice signature/Face recognition)
IAM with Zero Trust technologies
Privileged Access Management (PAM)
Use of public identity (Google, Facebook, etc.)
Digital Certificates

HR process integration


Job Details Open Until Filled Recruitment Manager Michael R Job Code JPC - 869 Required Hours/Week 40 Experience 12-18 Years Required Documents Resume Primary Skills Automation,SAML,Azure AD,LDAP,SOD Zip Code N/A Work Authorization N/A Contact Person Details Jayanthan Sidharth Technical Recruiter N/A sidharth.j@promantisinc.com
Show Less Overview

The Identity and Access Management (IAM) Director will be responsible for end to end architecture, design, engineering, delivery, and support of Enterprise LDAP, Active Directory, Azure Active Directory, and Privileged Access Management products and services. The Director will lead global teams, driving discussions across various PepsiCo project teams and other staff developers and operations team to ensure that PepsiCo Information Security Guidelines and standards are adhered to while meeting the requirements for the business.

The IAM Director must possess experience with delivering solutions across Directory Services, Privileged Account Management, as well as foundational security infrastructure concepts across operating systems, networking, and n-tiered architectures with good troubleshooting skills.

The IAM Director will be expected to continuously improve the time, cost and risk associated with Privileged Access Management, Directory platforms while driving future direction and evolution of IAM technologies and processes.


Responsibilities

This role has end to end accountability for Enterprise Directory services, Active Directory services, Azure Active Directory services and Privileged Account Management services and platforms/products driving programs, engineering activities, ongoing support
Manage Global PepsiCo LDAPs (AD, Azure AD, Enterprise LDAP and other instances) products, environments and solutions supporting 700K+ accounts and 380k+ identities
Support the multi-year cloud transformation journey that includes operationalizing the required technology foundations in a hybrid multi-cloud environment
Lead multi-year program building new LDAP platform, migrating applications from legacy to new Oracle LDAP platform to provide a more secure and supportable enterprise LDAP solution to PepsiCo
Drive the transformation of PepsiCo PAM solution and the increased onboarding of privileged accounts including IT and OT. The service supports 400K+ current accounts with a growth rate of approximately 3K accounts annually.
Stay current on technologies and industry trends in the areas of responsibility and manage vendor relationships
Manage baseline and investment budgets for areas of responsibility
Manage contractors with vendors for services and licenses partnering with appropriate teams
Drive strategy and roadmap for IAM
Technical leader for IAM solutions
Manage engineering and operations teams globally
Manage PAM tools for Account/Password Management, Privileged Access Request provisioning / de-provisioning of access including recertification end to end
Manage Authentication and Authorization utilizing Directory solutions
Manage operational teams across Directories and PAM driving incident resolution, troubleshooting and issue resolution across areas
Gather requirements and guide / recommend the right integration pattern for applications needing services, taking into consideration the impact to the environment and standards set in PepsiCo
Drive technical integrations across areas of responsibility and ensure the right architecture/design is implemented in enabling the business partnering across appropriate architects and leads
Specifying guidelines and supporting processes for integration, administration and maintenance
Developing general purpose services, usable by a variety of authorized systems and applications
Interaction with application teams to gather requirements, design and deliver solution to integrate with PepsiCo IAM products
Recommend improvements, corrections, remediation or requirements for associated projects
Create and maintain documentation for appropriate IAM related activities and metric reporting
Advocate secure computing practices, procedures, and communicate Information Security best practices throughout the company.
Ability to troubleshoot and resolve issues quickly identifying the best option in an emergency
Ability to work with different teams and interact with technical and business folks across the Enterprise
Drive communications and present across different levels of organization
COVID-19 vaccination is a condition of employment for this role. Please note that all such company vaccine requirements provide the opportunity to request an approved accommodation or exemption under applicable law

Qualifications

12+ years overall IT experience
10+ years of experience with Directories such as ODSEE, OUD, AD, AADS
7+ years of experience with Privileged Access Management solutions such as TPAM, CyberArk
6+ years of information security experience with a focus in IAM
8+ years of experience with troubleshooting issues with Directory solutions, and applications
5+ years of experience with developing tools with LDAP via JNDI preferred
5+ years of experience with web application management
5+ years of working experience with building and using shell and Pearl scripts
Advanced understanding of user life cycle management, authentication/authorizations and controls around privileged access
Functional:
Ability to guide teams through complex issues and drive resolution for issues that arise within complex and high risk applications
Ability to effectively translate technical information between vendors, IT management and other internal and external IT teams
Ability to work with all levels of management to define requirements associated with IAM services, incorporating security best practices
Ability to build project plans, translate directives, and present project deliverables to upper management
Advanced understanding of the broader impact of Information Security from a business perspective
Understanding of business processes associated with identity and access management lifecycle and ability to design and implement solutions that meet complex business requirements preferred
Experience managing global teams that include employees and vendors
Experience managing vendors driving SLAs
Soft Skills
Collaborate across global teams and partner across different levels
Drive global programs across sectors partnering with global teams
Mentor team members
Ability to clearly communicate thoughts and ideas in both oral and written formats.
Self-motivated and ability to prioritize and handle tasks in a fast-paced environment
Proven track record of achieving results through collaboration and teamwork
Foster company success through a professional appearance, being courteous to customers and all PepsiCo associates and by having a positive attitude

EEO Statement

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.

PepsiCo is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Female / Minority / Disability / Protected Veteran / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity

If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law & EEO is the Law Supplement documents. View PepsiCo EEO Policy.

Please view our Pay Transparency Statement

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less Paramount+, a direct-to-consumer digital subscription video on-demand and live streaming service from Paramount Global, combines live sports, breaking news, and a mountain of entertainment. The premium streaming service features an expansive library of original series, hit shows and popular movies across every genre from world-renowned brands and production studios, including BET, CBS, Comedy Central, MTV, Nickelodeon, Paramount Pictures and the Smithsonian Channel. The service is also the streaming home to unmatched sports programming, including every CBS Sports event, from golf to football to basketball and more, plus exclusive streaming rights for major sports properties, including some of the world’s biggest and most popular soccer leagues. Paramount+ also enables subscribers to stream local CBS stations live across the U.S. in addition to the ability to stream Paramount Streaming’s other live channels: CBSN for 24/7 news, CBS Sports HQ for sports news and analysis, and ET Live for entertainment coverage.

The Paramount+ Monetization Product team drives the customer experience for onboarding, payments, and the shared customer experience we have with our global partners! We are seeking a top-tier Director of Product Management, Monetization to own the partner integration & entitlement experiences for Paramount+ worldwide!

Core Responsibilities:
You are growth focused: Own global partner integrations across cable, carrier, and DTC brands, including authentication, entitlements, billing, and data.

You are a builder: Define multi-platform Paramount customer & partner onboarding & conversion experiences.

You are data driven: Drive, and build on organization and team KPIs & OKRs from acquisition, conversion, and retention.

You are a communicator: Translate and help make sure global Legal & Compliance corporate guidelines balanced with user needs and comprehension.

You are technical: Use SDLC & scrum principles to partner with Engineering and Quality Assurance Teams to build solutions that meet user, partner, and Paramount+ requirements.

You are a leader: Build & foster product teams that will own primary revenue sources across Paramount+ across Partnership & DTC stakeholders.

Experience:
Global Scope: Proven ability to launch services globally - including United States, Latin America, Europe, and Asia.

Partnerships: Cable & Carrier Product launches in partnership with U.S., EMEA, LATAM, and other regions.

Platforms: Products with device & operating system partners on a global scale, across mobile, tablet, and set top boxes.

Identity: Working knowledge of authentication & access for subscription services.

Entitlements: Demonstrated experience with various levels of subscription services, including free trial conversion, up/downgrades, and global customer access.

Payments: Applied experience in payments, taxation & monetization on a global scale.

Legal & Compliance: Working with legal, privacy, security, and compliance teams at a global scale.

Technical: You understand systems, client & server architecture - you understand how products are built.

Demonstrated working knowledge of Payment & Taxation providers & systems.

Demonstrated working knowledge of Authentication & Entitlement services - how customers gain access to a service, up/downgrade, etc.

Working on multi-platform applications - Web, Mobile App, Smart TV & Game Console.

Understanding of complex Direct-to-Consumer (DTC) subscription flows via web & App stores - eg: Apple iTunes / Google Play / Amazon / Roku, partner OAuth & Federation.

Team Building: You have identified exceptional team members, you have hired the best - you build careers, inspire others, and lead by example.

Education:
Degree in a Technical Engineering, Technical Business, or similar field

Bonus:Technical Aptitude:
Fluency in one or more coding and/or database languages,i.e. javascript, React, JSON SQL/MySQL, Swift, etc.

Working knowledge of Service Oriented Architecture.

Working knowledge of Recurly, OAuth, TV Everywhere, Intro Offers, Promotional Codes, etc.

User Experience:
Deep understanding of core User Experience, Visual Design, and User Research principles.

Ability to wireframe, whiteboard, build user flows - Figma, Sketch, or similar.

Ability to articulate complex user needs to various stakeholder teams - including executives, partners, and working teams.

Data:
Fluency in data architecture, data constructs, SQL, etc.

Familiarity with monitoring and diagnostic tool sets - i.e. JSONLint, Charles Proxy, New Relic, Conviva, etc.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Hiring Salary Range: $175,000.00 - 200,000.00.

The hiring salary range for this position applies to New York City, California, Colorado, Washington state, and most other geographies. Starting pay for the successful applicant depends on a variety of job-related factors, including but not limited to geographic location, market demands, experience, training, and education. The benefits available for this position include medical, dental, vision, 401(k) plan, life insurance coverage, disability benefits, tuition assistance program and PTO or, if applicable, as otherwise dictated by the appropriate Collective Bargaining Agreement. This position is bonus eligible.

https://www.paramount.com/careers/benefits

Paramount is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) including disability/vet.

At Paramount, the spirit of inclusion feeds into everything that we do, on-screen and off. From the programming and movies we create to employee benefits/programs and social impact outreach initiatives, we believe that opportunity, access, resources and rewards should be available to and for the benefit of all. Paramount is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, and Veteran status.

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access. https://www.paramount.com/careers as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 212.846.5500 or by sending an email to viacomaccommodations@viacom.com. Only messages left for this purpose will be returned.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportRequisition ID

530750




Medidata: Power Smarter Treatments and Healthier People

Medidata is leading the digital transformation of life sciences, creating hope for millions of patients. Medidata helps generate the evidence and insights to help pharmaceutical, biotech, medical device and diagnostics companies, and academic researchers accelerate value, minimize risk, and optimize outcomes. More than one million registered users across 1,900+ customers and partners access the world's most trusted platform for clinical development, commercial, and real-world data. Medidata, a Dassault Systèmes company, is headquartered in New York City and has offices around the world to meet the needs of its customers. Discover more at www.medidata.com and follow us @medidata.

Your Mission:

Responsible for the overall relationship management of client accounts and day to day activities. Responsible for ensuring that Medidata is able to deliver quality projects and services on time and within budget through effective management of Medidata resources.

At the director level, the individual performs proactively and autonomously, leading large and complex projects and programs. The role includes owning, deepening and expanding customer relationships through participation in client governance structures. This can involve acting as the primary escalation point in which resolution of complex issues is key.

Identify new business opportunities within assigned accounts
Participate in program governance, and manage the overall professional services relationship
Identify process improvements and drive strategy
Effectively collaborate with internal and external resources to achieve project objectives
Lead large, complex projects and/or clients, which may include a program of projects
Lead project delivery to ensure that all deliverables are tracked and that documentation is current

Your Competencies:

Demonstrate a track record of working independently in an advisory capacity
Ability to anticipate and mitigate complex issue and risks thus minimizing escalations
Ability to mentor other team members and serve as a team leader
Ability to identify and suggest improvements which increase the value proposition for Medidata and the client
Knowledge of Medidata (or similar) products commensurate with requirements of the specific role
Possess a solid understanding of clinical research (pharma/device/biotech) and of clinical research SaaS technology
Demonstrate strong verbal/written communication and organizational skills
Exhibit time management skills along with strong collaboration and teamwork
Experience in leading project teams and meeting project timelines
Self-motivated and able to assume responsibility in a professional manner
Demonstrate strong computer skills
Experience with the MS Office suite and/or other current software technologies
Experience with creating and delivering presentations

Your Education & Experience:

4-year college degree or equivalent (analytic discipline a plus) preferred
Minimum of 8 years experience in clinical/biomedical and/ or software development environment preferred

The salary range posted below refers only to positions that will be physically based in New York City. As with all roles, Medidata sets ranges based on a number of factors including function, level, candidate expertise and experience, and geographic location. Pay ranges for candidates in locations other than New York City, may differ based on the local market data in that region. The base salary pay range for this position is $114,750 to $147,844.

Base pay is one part of the Total Rewards that Medidata provides to compensate and recognize employees for their work. Most sales positions are eligible for a commission under the terms of applicable plan documents, while many of Medidata’s non-sales positions are eligible for annual bonuses. Additionally, Medidata provides best-in-class benefits. We believe that benefits should connect you to the support you need when it matters most and should help you care for those who matter most. For that reason, we provide an array of options to help support you physically, financially and emotionally through the big milestones and in your everyday life.

#LI-Remote

#LI-MW1

Equal Employment Opportunity
In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at Medidata are based on merit, qualifications and abilities. Medidata is committed to a policy of non-discrimination and equal opportunity for all employees and qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or medical or common conditions related to pregnancy or childbirth), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, familial status, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, veteran status, military service, application for military service, genetic information, receipt of free medical care, or any other characteristic protected under applicable law. Medidata will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law.

Covid Statement
Our Company requires all U.S. employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and to provide documentation of full vaccination, unless qualified for a medical, religious or state-required accommodation or otherwise exempt consistent with applicable law. Although accommodation requests will be considered (and granted where appropriate/possible), it may be determined that a candidate is unable to adequately perform the essential functions of the position without imposing an undue hardship due to customer requirements, staffing needs, or other business reasons. Definition of full-vaccination: Employees are considered to be fully vaccinated two weeks after their second dose in a 2-dose series or two weeks after a single-dose vaccine.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportResponsibilities
TikTok is the leading destination for short-form mobile video. Our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. TikTok has global offices, including Los Angeles, New York, London, Paris, Berlin, Dubai, Mumbai, Singapore, Jakarta, Seoul, and Tokyo.

Why Join Us

At TikTok, our people are humble, intelligent, compassionate and creative. We create to inspire - for you, for us, and for more than 1 billion users on our platform. We lead with curiosity and aim for the highest, never shying away from taking calculated risks and embracing ambiguity as it comes. Here, the opportunities are limitless for those who dare to pursue bold ideas that exist just beyond the boundary of possibility. Join us and make impact happen with a career at TikTok.

Our Global Security function provides services to TikTok's US market using four principles that guide our strategic and tactical operations. First, we champion trust and transparency, leading the charge in organizational transparency and execution of security and privacy capabilities that drive customer trust. Second, we are a business catalyst and enabler, embodying the DNA of technical innovation. Third, we drive risk-informed and empowered decision-making, giving our business leaders the information needed to make key decisions. Finally, we proactively identify and reduce risk while enabling innovative product development – to consistently build sustainable world-class and trusted security capabilities.

As a direct report to the Principal Lead, US Data Defense and Access Assurance (DDAA) within TikTok USDS, you will be the lead responsible for Identity and Access Management. The Data Defense and Access Assurance (DDAA) team within TikTok's Global Security Organization is responsible for engineering, deploying, testing and monitoring our global infrastructure footprint to validate data inventory, access and protection across our vast infrastructure of data center, SaaS and IaaS. Identity and Access management team will be responsible for how users within an organization are given an identity - and how it is protected, including saving critical applications, data and systems from unauthorized access while managing the identities and access rights of people both inside and outside the organization.
In your capacity as a key contributor and as a lead that manages the security of TikTok data through access management processes and controls across the entire data lifecycle, from creation to destruction. This will include developing the process for granting and removing access based on the principles of least privilege and need to how to manage access to data. Further, you and your team will oversee policies and procedures for managing access based off enterprise policy and other international regulatory requirements (e.g., data residency), and your team will ingest organizational policies to create enforcement mechanisms. Your team will also be responsible for investigating and resolving incidents that involve unauthorized and inappropriate access. The successful candidate will work collaboratively to lead his/her assigned team and related company resources to provide support on an enterprise scale.

The candidate must be skilled in conducting technical analysis of access policies, rules, and permissions as well as evaluating appropriateness of effective access. The candidate must also have the ability to communicate well, motivate and lead cross-functional and individual contributor teams independently, participate in coordinating response and defensive actions as it relates to identity and access assurance, and disseminate security information as appropriate in support of TikTok's critical business, go to market, and operational infrastructure needs. The candidate will develop, select, and motivate highly effective employees to execute TikTok's business model.
Qualifications

Responsibilities:

Define strategy for the execution of Identity and Access Management program
Onboard application to the IAM tool and support access management and assurance needs
Build and review technical and functional requirements for in-house or external technologies
Design and implement access management and assurance programs (people, process, and technology) to mitigate security threats and risks related to access that may impact business data through a holistic global program-oriented approach
Develop and maintain identity residency and identity access requirements and controls as necessitated by business needs and regulations
Design and implement the identity review process, ensuring that identities and access is reviewed regularly both for appropriateness of access as well as privilege levels for all users
Guide the team in developing use cases and integrating access management technologies with related cybersecurity technologies (e.g., security incident and event management, data classification, vulnerability management)
Develop and maintain policies and procedures that support identity management (e.g., access assurance, access monitoring and reporting, authentication requirements)
Implement and enforce mechanism to proactively monitor, respond and report on inappropriate data access events

Knowledge and Skills:

5+ years progressive experience leading technical teams working in a federal government help desk operation chartered with large scale, multi-faceted IT support
Works well under pressure within time/budget constraints to solve problems, adjust quickly to shifting priorities, and make decisions with limited information
Demonstrated teamwork and collaboration skills, in particular in leading or contributing to global and cross-functional teams
Highly motivated to contribute and grow within a complex area of emerging importance
Ability to communicate technical concepts to a broad range of technical and non-technical staff
Strong understanding of:
Access management tools, processes, and procedures
User access administration, role and policy-based access controls, including identity management, provisioning and de-provisioning access
Identity and Access Management (IAM) tools
Access reviews for appropriateness and authorization
Industry standard frameworks

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelors’ Degree or industry equivalent work experience in identity and access management, security architecture, and/or engineering in a converged security program
Demonstrate ability to quickly assimilate to new knowledge and remain current on new developments in access management tools and capabilities and industry knowledge
In-depth experience in designing and deploying access management technologies and controls in enterprise-class organizations, including the following:
Access management on Windows and Linux operating systems
Access monitoring, remediation, and escalation
Role and policy-based access controls to enforce the principle of least privilege
Configuration of access permissions and roles, provisioning, modifying, and de-provisioning account access

Preferred Qualifications:

CISSP, SSCP, CAP, CCSP, CISM or applicable experience in the Information Security field
Familiarity with securing identity across SaaS and IaaS cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Google Cloud Platform)
Be able to deliver both detailed technical reports to enable access remediation and business friendly reports to demonstrate progress and track risk
Be able to handle ambiguity and collaborate with a global team
Be comfortable communicating with business executives and technical teams
SailPoint experience is a plus

TikTok is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At TikTok, our mission is to inspire creativity and bring joy. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too.

TikTok is committed to providing reasonable accommodations during our recruitment process. If you need assistance or accommodation, please reach out to us at USRC@tiktok.com.
Job Information
The base salary range for this position in New York City is $135000 - $255600 annually.

​

​

Compensation may vary outside of this range depending on a number of factors, including a candidate’s qualifications, skills, competencies and experience, and location. Base pay is one part of the Total Package that is provided to compensate and recognize employees for their work, and this role may be eligible for additional discretionary bonuses/incentives, restricted stock units, as well as a comprehensive benefits package.Start your job application: click Apply NowShow Less  Site Name: Stevenage, Poznan, Siena, Upper Providence, Wavre
Posted Date: Nov 23 2022


Director - Data Architecture

GSK R&D and Digital and Tech’s collective goal is to deliver business impact, including the acceleration the discovery and development of medicines and vaccines to patients. The R&D Digital and Tech remit has expanded over the past 2 years, and to position GSK for the future, the significantly expanded leadership role is required on the R&D Digital and Tech Leadership team. The change will strengthen the R&D Tech LT, to provide more strategic impact, focus, accountability, and improved decision making in the use of Digital, Data and Analytics (DDA) to strengthen the pipeline.


As R&D enters a new era of data driven science, there is a need to create capability to ensure that R&D have high quality data captured with context and aligned data models, so that the data is useable and reusable for a variety of use cases. These range from data driven decision making, through to data sciences and AI/ML capability to enable data driven science. As a result, it is essential that Digital & Tech can surface the data from operational systems into a harmonised storage layer and controlled presentation data fabrics and mesh. To do this there is a need to build out a Data Engineering capability that can build the required architecture, data strategy and implement an engineering approach. And a leader is required to build this capability within the Scientific Data & Tech organisation in R&D Digital & Tech, and then industrialise the approaches and practises around Data architecture and delivery.


GSK is one of the world’s foremost pharmaceutical and vaccines companies and we are proud to be leading a healthcare revolution. R&D plays a critical role in the GSK strategy to get ahead of disease with a strong portfolio of commercially launched products in Vaccines, Specialty Biologics, Respiratory and HIV, and General Medicines. The R&D network comprises 5 key R&D hubs, and several smaller sites, spanning Europe and the USA, supporting over 8000 GSK scientists and third-party suppliers. Additionally, R&D has an exciting portfolio of new therapies in development with significant commercial launches planned over the next 5 years. Data and Analytics allows us to integrate, simplify and unlock insights using all our data to drive innovation, decision-making, and enable our transformation in service of our patients, healthcare professionals and consumers, as R&D moved into a new era of Data Driven Science.


The Data Engineering Director - Data Architecture will lead significant expansion into data as an asset, which GSK is driving to be best in class, to unlock data to insight to meet the exponential scale of data production and rapid insight creation required by Research, Medicine Development and Supply and Vaccines R&D objectives.


The primary accountability and responsibility of the Data Engineering Director - Data Architecture is to build and lead an organization responsible for enterprise data architecture, providing thought leadership and architecture design for all aspects of data across the Scientific area from early research through to clinical manufacture and supply, ensuring that the architecture and models are compliant with our partner organisations like supply chain, Onyx and Development. This includes implementation of the data architecture onto, and augmentation of, the two GSK data platform for CMC and Research needs, design and creation of pipelines to consolidate data to a known standard and quality from our operational systems, design and creation of data services and data fabrics for the harmonised surfacing of data, to support advanced analytics, data visualizations, master data management, knowledge engineering, real world data, data acquisition, integration, machine learning and AI/ML. This role will build and contribute to target architectures, and build and maintain technical standards and data management approaches in a cloud-native ecosystem that enable maximum benefit to be obtained by data and analytics capabilities. In doing so, ensure that these are aligned across both the R&D and Digital & Tech strategies. The role will define, create, and drive the adaption of standards and data architecture to ensure all aspects of data provisioning, harmonisation and utilisation delivers value in alignment with business objectives.


The Data Engineering Director - Data Architecture brings a distinct and deep knowledge about the highly complex, heterogeneous world of science and how data architecture plays a significant role to support Science, Data and Analytics, where multiple distinct specialties need to combine.

Consequently, deep knowledge of the distinct data types applicable to CMC, laboratories and Research and ontological standards (e.g. from SEND safety format to S88 manufacturing standards) are critical to shaping effective delivery for the associated data engineering organisation.

The leader will leverage this knowledge to test and ensure the data architecture strategy is designed and implemented robustly, ensuring that there is a rapid scale-up of data engineering output based on the architecture to bring in complementary expertise in data architecture skills from outside of scientific research or the pharmaceutical industry. R&D is a highly complex and regulated environment and therefore the leader would need to have deep knowledge of the applicable business area to be successful in this role.

And through all these processes this leader would work with colleagues in Scientific Digital and Tech, Development, and Global to supply chain to ensure the data flows within an aligned data architecture and data models between the environments in a seamless manner.

Key Responsibilities

Establish, prioritize, and maintain the overall Scientific Data & Tech Data Architecture strategy and approach in alignment, co-creation, and on-going partnership with our key stakeholders in Onyx, Development and Global Supply Chain.

Build and lead an organization responsible for enterprise data architecture, providing thought leadership and architecture services for all aspects of data, including data platforms, data pipelines and fabrics, data ontologies, data quality, master data management, and all other elements of the data environment. Recruit the relevant team members to build out the scientific Data & Tech Data architecture capability.

Accountable for R&D D&A cloud, infrastructure, platforms and security architecture, providing thought leadership and data architecture services for all aspects Research and CMC.

Build, maintain and govern the execution of the enterprise ontologies, emerging industry tech radar and trends, architecture principles, standards, and tools. Develop modern data architectural approaches that encourage value exchange with partners and customers partner collaboration.

Coordinate analysis of leading and emerging technology and market trends to determine their impact and opportunities for the R&D Data architecture with focus on Digital capabilities and innovations to enable GSK’s business strategy.

Oversee and guide Data architecture practices and delivery in cross functional strategies and efforts. Perform an involved advisory role on complex cross-functional initiatives.

Cultivate technical expertise and champion and enable learning, adoption, reskill and reuse across Scientific Data and Tech to support Data at scale.

Lead data standardisation and harmonisation practices to drive effective interconnectivity within GSK and across broader healthcare ecosystem. Maintain R&D Digital & Techs Data strategy, including architecture of current integration technologies, as well as exploration and adoption of emerging technologies to support the ongoing strategic intent of the R&D organisation, aligned with Supply Chain colleagues.

Adopt a security-first design that embeds robust authentication, hardened infrastructure and resilient connectivity across the Data and data platform environments.

Take a Development first mindset to continuously challenge and support the team to stay educated and relevant in the ever-changing technical environment.

Experience requirements

5+ years of technical experience

5+ years in Cloud Analytics/Platform experience (e.g. AWS, GCP, Azure)- specific to owning and enabling capabilities within an enterprise data ecosystem including end to end Data Management practices (Data, Visual BI, Stats, AI/ML, Cognitive, NLP, Search)

Comprehensive understanding of Industry 4.0, Cloud Purdue Model, S88 / S95 Models including IoT, Streaming Analytics and Digital Twins

Strong business acumen, knowledge of Pharma and life sciences, and ability to stay abreast and incorporate innovative and existing technologies

Expertise in data and analytics, with experience leading data and analytics delivery, strategy or architecture efforts

Experience leading technology, infra or security organizations, expertise in transformation to cloud.

Exceptional strategic thought partner, ability to lead in strong co-creation and collaboration with Digital and business partners across GSK.

Demonstrated ability to bring creative ideas and drive digital innovation, leading with the customer in mind; has exceptional judgement about which innovations to pursue; able project how potential ideas may play out in the marketplace.

Experience across multiple architecture environments including ERP systems (e.g., SAP), MES, Historians, customer facing technologies (e.g., Salesforce.com), and other enterprise technologies and platforms.

Demonstrated ability to develop talent and build effective teams. Excellent communication skills and the ability to indirectly influence key partners and stakeholders.

Minimum Level of Education Required

Bachelor’s degree in a relevant discipline and 8+ years of pharmaceutical, healthcare or other relevant experience, advanced degree preferred

#LI-GSK

GSK is a global biopharma company with a special purpose – to unite science, technology and talent to get ahead of disease together – so we can positively impact the health of billions of people and deliver stronger, more sustainable shareholder returns – as an organisation where people can thrive. Getting ahead means preventing disease as well as treating it, and we aim to impact the health of 2.5 billion people around the world in the next 10 years.

Our success absolutely depends on our people. While getting ahead of disease together is about our ambition for patients and shareholders, it’s also about making GSK a place where people can thrive. We want GSK to be a workplace where everyone can feel a sense of belonging and thrive as set out in our Equal and Inclusive Treatment of Employees policy. We’re committed to being more proactive at all levels so that our workforce reflects the communities we work and hire in, and our GSK leadership reflects our GSK workforce.

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we are open to all talent. In the US, we also adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to neurodiversity, race/ethnicity, colour, national origin, religion, gender, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class*(*US only).

We believe in an agile working culture for all our roles. If flexibility is important to you, we encourage you to explore with our hiring team what the opportunities are.

Please don’t hesitate to contact us if you’d like to discuss any adjustments to our process which might help you demonstrate your strengths and capabilities. You can either call us on 0808 234 4391, or send an email ukdiversity.recruitment@gsk.com

As you apply, we will ask you to share some personal information which is entirely voluntary. We want to have an opportunity to consider a diverse pool of qualified candidates and this information will assist us in meeting that objective and in understanding how well we are doing against our inclusion and diversity ambitions. We would really appreciate it if you could take a few moments to complete it. Rest assured, Hiring Managers do not have access to this information and we will treat your information confidentially.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportSite Name: Stevenage, Upper Providence, USA - Massachusetts - Boston
Posted Date: Nov 18 2022


This role can be based in Stevenage (UK), Upper Providence (US) or Boston (US)

At GSK, we want to supercharge our data capability to better understand our patients and accelerate our ability to discover vaccines and medicines.

The Onyx Research Data Platform organization represents a major investment by GSK R&D and Digital & Tech, designed to deliver a step-change in our ability to leverage data, knowledge, and prediction to find new medicines.

We are a full-stack shop consisting of product and portfolio leadership, data engineering, infrastructure and DevOps, data / metadata / knowledge platforms, and AI/ML and analysis platforms, all geared toward:

Building a next-generation, metadata- and automation-driven data experience for GSK’s scientists, engineers, and decision-makers, increasing productivity and reducing time spent on “data mechanics”

Providing best-in-class AI/ML and data analysis environments to accelerate our predictive capabilities and attract top-tier talent

Aggressively engineering our data at scale, as one unified asset, to unlock the value of our unique collection of data and predictions in real-time

Onyx Product Management is at the heart of our mission, ensuring that everything from our infrastructure, to platforms, to end-user facing data assets and environments is designed to maximize our impact on R&D.

This role is a leadership team member accountable for building and leading a high-functioning team that:

Partners with R&D stakeholders and Onyx leadership to develop a strategic roadmap for all customer-facing aspects of Onyx, including data assets, ontology, Knowledge Graph / semantic search, data / computing / analysis platforms, and data-powered applications

Partner with the head of Onyx portfolio management, and the heads of the Onyx engineering functions, to facilitate joint planning, execute on that roadmap, help balance strategic development vs customer-facing deliverables, etc.

Devise, track, and publicize metrics for the Onyx organization’s impact and performance

Hire, develop, and retain a talented team of Product Managers and Bioinformaticians that understand the business areas, the Onyx capabilities available, how to translate needs into requirements aligned to standard frameworks (e.g. ontologies, engineering pipelines etc) to ensure the customers get what they need

The Head of Product for the Onyx organization is an internally credible deep technical leader and the voice of R&D across all of our products and services.

This senior leader (and their team of accomplished Product Managers) is accountable for building a strategy and roadmap that maximize our impact on the productivity of R&D scientists, analysts, engineers, and decision-makers and ultimately on the R&D pipeline, and for partnering with the heads of Program Management and the Engineering functions in executing on that strategy.

The roadmap will also need to accurately represent the needs and delivery plans of decision makers, scientists, and engineers at GSK R&D; partnering with Programme teams to ensure we are executing effectively and transparently.

Key responsibilities

Overall responsibility for Product strategy across Onyx with a proven track record of building and executing on data strategy and a portfolio of data products in the pharmaceuticals industry or related life sciences industry with accountable for delivering value to the customer and ensuring the right solutions are built.

Be consistently on top of the latest scientific advancements in the life sciences, particularly genetics / molecular biology

Be able to speak with life sciences researchers in their own language, understand their ways of working, and help them understand the value that proper data, metadata, and platforms can bring to their daily lives

Have a demonstrated history of building and managing high-performing, agile teams in engineering, product management, and/or life sciences research with a bias toward defining success metrics at the start of any endeavour

Have a deep understanding of the value of ontology and computable metadata and its applications in the life sciences and / or clinical data

Partner with the programme management team to ensure realistic and appropriate plans are created. Also responsible for the management of the solutions, including monitoring progress, testing the solutions with customers, and ensuring completed products are delivered to the customers across Onyx.

Minimum Level of Education Required

Masters or PhD in Bioinformatics, Biomedical Science, Biomedical Engineering, Molecular Biology, or Computer Science (with a life sciences application focus)

Minimum Level of Job-Related Experience Required

10+ years of experience leading projects defining, building, and delivering data products in biotech, pharmaceuticals, healthcare, diagnostics, or other life sciences industry. Be familiar with modern DevOps-first software development and release practices.

#LI-GSK #GSKOnyx

GSK is a global biopharma company with a special purpose – to unite science, technology and talent to get ahead of disease together – so we can positively impact the health of billions of people and deliver stronger, more sustainable shareholder returns – as an organisation where people can thrive. Getting ahead means preventing disease as well as treating it, and we aim to impact the health of 2.5 billion people around the world in the next 10 years.

Our success absolutely depends on our people. While getting ahead of disease together is about our ambition for patients and shareholders, it’s also about making GSK a place where people can thrive. We want GSK to be a workplace where everyone can feel a sense of belonging and thrive as set out in our Equal and Inclusive Treatment of Employees policy. We’re committed to being more proactive at all levels so that our workforce reflects the communities we work and hire in, and our GSK leadership reflects our GSK workforce.

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we are open to all talent. In the US, we also adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to neurodiversity, race/ethnicity, colour, national origin, religion, gender, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class*(*US only).

We believe in an agile working culture for all our roles. If flexibility is important to you, we encourage you to explore with our hiring team what the opportunities are.

Please don’t hesitate to contact us if you’d like to discuss any adjustments to our process which might help you demonstrate your strengths and capabilities. You can either call us on 0808 234 4391, or send an email ukdiversity.recruitment@gsk.com

As you apply, we will ask you to share some personal information which is entirely voluntary. We want to have an opportunity to consider a diverse pool of qualified candidates and this information will assist us in meeting that objective and in understanding how well we are doing against our inclusion and diversity ambitions. We would really appreciate it if you could take a few moments to complete it. Rest assured, Hiring Managers do not have access to this information and we will treat your information confidentially.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportSouthwest Power Pool (SPP) is about more than power. We’re about the power of relationships. Our employees have the opportunity to work together to ensure electricity is delivered reliably and affordably to the millions of people living in our service territory. We have been voted one of Arkansas’ Best Places to work by Arkansas Business and we are looking for a member of our team who is passionate about our mission to keep the lights on!

We have a core ideology here at SPP that we stand by: Do the right thing, for the right reason, in the right way.

We believe in supporting our employees through a fantastic benefits package:

Competitive pay with bonus opportunities
Excellent insurance package including three great medical plans to choose from, employer-paid short term disability, long term disability, and life insurance
Relocation assistance
Flexible working environment for positions that are eligible where employees have the flexibility to work from home and come in where collaborative in person work is needed.
Fantastic contributions to your retirement through a 401(k) savings plan with employer-match benefits and a defined benefit plan fully funded by SPP

Overview

The Supervisor of Identity and Access Management (IAM) provides direct leadership and supervision of a team within the Information Technology Department at Southwest Power Pool focused on the IAM applications, program, processes and procedures. The Supervisor of IAM is responsible for managing and directly contributing to the implementation and support of IAM computer applications and databases including integrating IAM systems with in-house and third party applications for provisioning, identity authentication, developing connectors between IAM tools and systems resources, and system resource authorization. Key responsibilities include managing and participating in the work flow within IAM including access provisioning, compliance, access management, planning and prioritizing the work followed by evaluating and managing the performance of direct reports to ensure IAM program, project and/or support objectives are met on schedule.

The Supervisor of IAM will work closely with SPP IT Quality Control, IT Cyber Security, IT Support Services, Compliance, Internal Audit and key IT subject matter experts to ensure IAM related requirements, standards and policies are implemented and maintained. This position is expected to work with minimal supervision, exercising good judgment in assigning tasks and priorities, resolving issues, and managing the Section staff. Additionally, the position may be called on to support SPP technical committees and working groups, and may represent SPP and its member companies at NERC committees and working groups.

The Supervisor of IAM discusses development plans with their direct reports and manages individual performance through real-time coaching and periodic performance reviews.

Essential Functions

Provide leadership, management, and direction to direct reports, with minimal supervision. Foster team-building, motivate staff to perform effectively and efficiently, and provide frequent coaching. Ensure that direct reports understand their roles, responsibilities, job expectations, work assignments, and priorities
Coordinate application staff resource requirements and assignments with Project Management staff as well as with the other SPP departments, with emphasis placed upon providing resource management for prioritized projects and initiatives. Ensure that all direct reports consistently have appropriate and meaningful assignments
Responsible for defining goals, objectives, and action plans for the IAM team, ensuring the success of these initiatives.
Work with manager to oversee the creation and maintenance of IAM program including requirements, standards, policies and best practices documentation.
Manage the workflow of implemented IAM systems including access provisioning, compliance, access management, access authorization, compliance and other functions of the IAM program.
Plan, manage, and provide evidence of Access Certifications and controls in compliance with NERC CIP, SOC1, and other applicable audit requirements.
Coordinate appropriately and effectively to ensure smooth execution of projects from initiation to production implementation
Ensure overall effectiveness and productivity of team, including demonstration of outstanding effort in meeting deadlines and appropriate tracking of time by direct reports
Ensure that all required project documentation is created, effective and maintained
Demonstrate commitment to improving and maintaining professional interdepartmental relationships across IT. Communicate appropriately in a timely manner with peers. Encourage teamwork throughout IT
Establish and maintain effective working relationships with management and staff within SPP organizations supported by the department.
Maintain a competent understanding of the business and technical requirements of system(s) supported by the team.
Retain leadership skills necessary to effectively manage the team.
Document and communicate employee development plans for each direct report. Identify both professional and technical areas of focus, accompanied with specific and measurable goals. Prepare and deliver individual annual staff performance evaluations on schedule. Manage employee performance to ensure success of projects and the employee
Promote SPP’s Mission, Value Propositions, Core Ideology, Culture Drivers, and Core Values as documented in the SPP Business Model. Lead by example in demonstrating these important characteristics
Provide technical expertise to SPP committees and working groups as requested by the Vice President, IT. May be called upon to facilitate or provide staff support for SPP committees and working groups. May be called upon to represent SPP at NERC or other committee and working group meetings
Demonstrate a thorough understanding of SPP compliance requirements. Ensure that direct reports understand compliance requirements and that all compliance required activities are carried out
Manage budget development processes from IT Applications perspective
Manage special projects as assigned
Conduct regular touch-base meetings with direct reports to discuss development goals, business goals and performance matters
Provide real-time coaching on performance
Conduct annual performance reviews

Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in an Information Technology related field, or equivalent job-related experience

Experience Requirements:

Eight (8) years of experience in Information Technology, Engineering, Project Management, or a related field

Required:

Strong leadership skills
Expert customer service and organizational skills
Comprehensive knowledge of SDLC and project life cycle methods and practices
Flexibility and the ability to effectively manage constantly changing and multiple priorities
Competent knowledge of operating systems, application development and support, and database management systems
Expert troubleshooting, problem solving, and analytical skills
Excellent written and oral communications skills
Understanding of, compliance with and enforcement of SPP Policies and Procedures

Preferred:

Five (5) years utility industry experience
Five (5) years of team leadership experience
Identity and Access Management (IAM) knowledge or experience
Experience in hardware and software evaluation principles, practices, and guidelines
A variety of experience in Information Technology applications projects

Work Environment:

This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment.

Physical Demands:

The physical and mental demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to perform the essential functions of this job successfully.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to make decisions, interpret data, and problem solve.
The employee frequently is required to stand or sit for extended periods; use hands to operate a computer keyboard and standard office equipment.
The employee must occasionally lift and move up to 10 pounds.
Requires the ability to work and collaborate with managers and employees at all levels to exchange ideas, information, and opinions to facilitate the task.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, and ability to adjust focus.

Position Type and Expected Hours of Work:

This is a full-time position. Days and hours of workweek are Monday through Friday; 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Working extended hours may be required.

Travel Requirement:

This position requires minimal (5-20%) travel

Should you elect to apply for this position SPP will review your qualifications. If after reviewing the qualifications and experience of all applicants, your skills and credentials meet our needs, someone from our organization may contact you. Please be advised that the time required to complete the applicant review process typically takes between 30 and 90 days, but could extend beyond that. Once the position has been filled, all applicants will be notified via email.

Southwest Power Pool is an Equal Opportunity Workplace and an Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age or any other protected category.

The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) defines “reasonable accommodation” as a change or adjustment to a job or work environment that allows a qualified individual with a disability to satisfactorily perform the essential functions of a particular job, and does not cause an undue hardship for the employer. SPP adheres to the ADA and reasonable accommodations may be made to enable a qualified individual with a disability to perform the essential functions.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)

Show Less The Data Quality Function Grp Mgr manages multiple teams of senior professionals through other senior managers. The job requires a broad and comprehensive understanding of the different systems, theories and practices relevant to a function as well as practical experience of multiple business cycles. In-depth knowledge of the industry and direct competitors' products/services is also necessary in order to contribute to the commercial objectives of the business. Requires thorough understanding of strategic direction of the function within the business, combined with a solid conceptual/practical grounding in both the function and/ or area of expertise. Excellent communication skills required in order to influence a wide range of audiences. The job is likely to be involved in both internal and external negotiations which will have a major impact on the area managed, and possibly on other related areas and organization as a whole. Develops medium- to long-term plans and executes functional strategies for a large/complex country, cluster of countries, or business requiring coordination and integration across units. Provides input into strategic decisions affecting job family or function within a region or business. Full management responsibility of multiple teams, including management of people, budget and planning. Has authority to negotiate and make independent decisions on issues/activities that have critical impact or influence on company revenues, capital or business operations. Typically, a direct report to an EB role and sits on the highest functional leadership team within a region, job function, or global business.


ROLE DESCRIPTION

This role is responsible for data governance and data integrity for Independent Compliance Risk Management (ICRM). The purpose of this role is to provide end-to-end oversight of the ICRM data "ecosystem," defining the strategy, governance, priorities, oversight of operations, and data quality, ongoing improvement, standards, controls, metrics, defect management (Data Concerns Remediation Management (DCRM)), reporting and risk management.

The team is organized to face-off with ICRM Process & Data Owners, currently across:

AML Transaction Monitoring
AML Know-Your-Customer
including Sanctions, Trade Surveillance, Anti-Bribery & Corruption
Control Group
Financial Crimes Risk Assessment
Market Conduct and Integrity, Disclosure of Interest
Personal Trading Outside Activities
Regulation W
Regulations Management
Trade Surveillance
Additional ICRM areas as identified and prioritized

Objectives include:

Collaborate on development of Enterprise Data Strategy based on collaboration with ICRM leaders. Ensure alignment between the Enterprise Data Strategy and ICRM data priorities.
Champion and lead data transformation efforts (including talent and capabilities) for ICRM. Set ICRM strategies; defining the data architecture and data lineage, ensuring clear data accountabilities, data standards, implementing data controls, and owning Issue Management and Resolution.
Represent data quality and integrity to external Regulators such as the FRB and OCC.
Engage with business functional partners conveying data-related priorities, requirements.
Increase adoption of a data culture, governance, risk reduction metrics and data-driven mindset within the relevant business/function/region.
Represent, and provide ICRM input at any required forums, and as the Enterprise Chief Data Officer (ECDO) defines enterprise data strategy and policy/standards.
Support Consent Orders, Data Transformation programs, Citi Data Governance Policy (CDGP) and Data Operating Model (DOM) implementation, and any other programs and policies as required.
Continuously improve data governance and management; data architecture and standards; business and functional engagement; data comprehensiveness, data quality and coverage; reducing the inventory of data issues; and accelerating data access and validation for new projects.
Engage with ICRM and Business management to prioritize process and technology enhancements, obtain appropriate staff, budget to establish a controlled data management environment.
Define, oversee, and improve production data controls, operations (reconciliation, quality, etc.) within ICRM. Reduce exceptions (data concerns). Manage Data Quality Measurement (DQM) and Transaction Type Code (T-Code), building quality controls, including enhancements, and improvement to Citi Risk & Control tools.
Advise on the acquisition, assessment and validation of data in support of new projects, in line with data standards. Review and approve project data strategies and exceptions (e.g., new data element requests).
Develop staff, coaching, mentor, Voice of Employee, Recognition, Individual Development Plans, Recruiting. Support and advocate for our team members.

Experience

15+ years management experience in complex, financial organization, with particular focus in data capture, flow, processing, metrics and reporting.
5-10 years in data management and technology.
5+ years in executive / strategy role.
Broad knowledge of Compliance regulatory drivers; technology operations; data management practices.
Primary Location: NAM-US-NY-NY/LIC
Schedule: Full-time
Travel: Some (10-20%)

Personal Skills

Strong data and technical knowledge, data governance, domains, process improvement, and/or new technologies.
Strong leadership experience, with an ability to influence Business Unit / Function role, translating Compliance data strategies and priorities into business, reducing regulatory and risk implications, into actionable measureable plans.
Proven ability, program management, executing large complex change programs.
Collaborative partnership, engaging and delivering on Citi‚Äôs values and ethics.
Able to communicate and present in a clear articulate manner.

Education

Bachelor's Degree required
Advanced Degree preferred

-

Job Family Group:

Technology

-

Job Family:

Data Quality

-

Time Type:

Full time

-

Primary Location:

New York New York United States

-

Primary Location Salary Range:

$275,000.00 - $400,000.00

-

Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi‚Äù) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity review Accessibility at Citi.

View the "EEO is the Law" poster. View the EEO is the Law Supplement.

View the EEO Policy Statement.

View the Pay Transparency Posting

-

Effective November 1, 2021, Citi requires that all successful applicants for positions located in the United States or Puerto Rico be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 as a condition of employment and provide proof of such vaccination prior to commencement of employment.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less The function of the Director, Identity Governance and Oversight role will be to define and implement an overarching governance framework for the identity lifecycle of Northern Trust. The role will report to the Global Head of Identity and Access Management (IAM), ensuring formulation and execution of strategic roadmaps related to 1st line of defense IAM governance practices. The role will also be responsible for identity governance policy, standards and control adherence and serve as principal partner in strengthening and maintaining productive alliances with 2nd and 3rd line of defense challenge teams. Additionally, this position will manage a team that will align with business, technology, information security and other corporate teams to establish and strengthen adoption of identity practices, standards and controls. As a principal IAM leader, the selected candidate will partner with IAM architecture, engineering, operations and program teams to ensure that identity governance and administration strategy and roadmaps are in alignment with other IAM capabilities and towers of work.




MAJOR DUTIES




Design and implement the strategic technology and operational objectives for the identity governance and administration (IGA) tower of the Northern Trust (NT) IAM Organization
Serve as a people manager for the IGA function, aligning its capabilities to business and technology team objectives
Represent the IAM organization’s identity lifecycle capabilities to the business units as well as to technology, risk and audit teams
Own the IGA Tower practices associated with Birthright Access, Transfer Certifications, Termination Services as well as Access Certifications
Own IGA for the workforce, clients and the cloud(s); partnership with IAM Architecture, Engineering and Operations
Lead enforcement of IGA Tower standards and controls across NT, whether applications and platforms are centrally or decentralized managed
Lead identity metrics and analytics collection and reporting to all levels of NT leadership
Partner with business aligned technology teams to onboard all business critical applications and platforms to the IAM IGA suite of tools
Responsible for IGA related communications and business aligned IGA progress reporting
Responsible for enterprise level training of access management principles, practices, standards and controls
Responsible for IGA related audit and regulator responses and deliverables
Responsible for advanced IGA functions, including Role Based Access design and implementation and Segregation of Duties and Toxic Combination identification and remediation



LEADERSHIP KNOWLEDGE / SKILLS




Strong team management skills. Conducts performance management and career development processes, and staffing and disciplinary actions.

1. Leads resource planning and metrics

2. Develops periodic goals, organizes the work, sets short-term priorities, monitors all activities, and ensures timely and accurate completion of the work.

3. Operates independently; has in-depth knowledge of business unit / function

4. As an IAM subject area expert, provides comprehensive, in-depth consulting and leadership to team and partners at a high technical level

5. Carries out activities that are large in scope, cross-functional and technically difficult

6. Role is balanced between high level operational execution and development, and execution of strategic direction of business function activities

7. Responsible for direct interaction with different committees and/or management

8. Strategic in developing, implementing and administering programs within functional areas

Manages the offshore development and onshore support functions for IAM platforms and applications

QUALIFICATIONS




Broad understanding of identity and access management, with expert knowledge in identity governance and administration
Understanding of identity related regulatory requirements for all global regions
Strong aptitude to develop and maintain internal and external business relationships and to leverage those relationships in pursuit of day-to-day goals and responsibilities
Excellent consultative skills
Excellent oral and written communication skills are required
In-depth Functional / Industry Knowledge is required
Knowledge of information security, network management, operating systems, software development, database systems and information technology concepts needed to effectively manage the group
Analytical and problem solving skills are required
Leadership and organizational skills are required to develop periodic goals and to manage and motivate team members towards the goals set
A College or University degree and/or relevant proven work experience is required
Industry certification such as CISSP, CISM, CISA, Cisco, SANS, etc. is preferred



About Northern Trust:

Northern Trust provides innovative financial services and guidance to corporations, institutions and affluent families and individuals globally. With more than 130 years of financialexperience and over 20,000 partners, we serve the world’s most sophisticated clients using leading technology and exceptional service.




Working with Us:

As a Northern Trust partner, you will be part of a flexible and collaborative work culture, which has a strong history of financial strength and stability. Movement within the organization is encouraged, senior leaders are accessible, and you can take pride in working for a companythat is committed to strengthening the communities we serve!

We’d love to learn more about how your interests and experience could be a fit with one of America’s best banks and most sustainable companies! Build your career with us and apply today.

Show Less This role can be located anywhere globally.

At The Coca-Cola Company (TCCC), our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) goals and commitments are anchored by our purpose ‘to refresh the world and make a difference’ and are core to our growth strategy. To create a more sustainable business and better shared future, The Cola-Cola System (TCCS) has the following strategic initiatives on water stewardship:

Reduce shared water challenges where we operate, through advanced efficiency and regenerative water use.

Enhance community resilience through water and sanitation access, and climate adaptation.

Improve watershed health where we operate and source ingredients, while continuing to achieve 100% replenishment.

This position offers an excellent opportunity to gain broader knowledge about the Company’s global business, and to make a difference by contributing in company’s progress against its ESG commitments on Water. The position will report to Global sustainability and transformation director. The job position will closely collaborate with global cross functional team members which includes, all Operating Units (OU), Sustainability leadership and team members at bottling system, various corporate functions like Public Affairs, Communication and Sustainability (PACS), Cross enterprise procurement group (CEPG), Platform services (PS), Corporate Quality, Safety and Environment (QSE) team members & company partners, to drive performance and progress associated with our Water commitments. The strategic footprint of the role spans globally across all operating units (OUs), focusing on water & operational waste pillar, and enabling system capability in drive operational sustainbility commitments.

What You’ll Do for Us:

Will be a key enabler in the implementation and driving progress on The Coca-Cola Company’s (TCCC) 2030 water strategy focused on increasing water security for our business, people, and nature.

Will lead, govern, and execute water stewardship programs in The Coca-Cola system (TCCS) globally.

As a ‘water pillar’ lead of the ‘Global Environment Council’ (GEC), the job position will play a critical role in operationalizing sustainability across the system. The position will work with sustainability leaders and water leads of all operating units (OUs) and bottling system globally and will drive active projects under water pillar of the council. Lead proactive engagement within the council members and maintains a network of highly passionate & capable system associates working on water initiatives.

Provide thought leadership and the required support to The Coca-Cola system (TCCS) globally, in driving best in class performance on water efficiency and water replenishment.

As a subject matter expert, builds system capability on water resource efficiency, water replenishment initiatives, wastewater management, and waste risk management across the supply chain. The job position will keep pace with the evolving technologies & drive experimentation & implementation of new innovations in this domain. Will lead the technical aspects of the water footprint studies involving key ingredients and packaging materials.

Lead the water resource efficiency program for the system globally, analyze data and identify opportunities and levers to enhance water efficiency in the operations globally to the best-in-class levels.

Build external network and participate in various industry forums & industry coalitions focusing on activities related to water.

Leads aspects of operational waste management for the system globally. Drives formation of standards, policies, internal requirements and works with the system to ensure compliance.

Ensure data governance requirements for water, wastewater, water replenishment and operational waste are in place, tracked and continuously improved.

Works very closely with cross functional team members from Public Affairs Communications and Sustainability (PACS) and provide required support and inputs on all technical aspects of water and waste management reporting (both internal and external). The key reports include 1) Annual Business, Environment, Social and Governance (BESG) report of TCCC, 2) CDP Water report 3) SASB etc.

Define, write, and update global policies, standards and technical requirements related to water aspects of Environment and Sustainability.

Plays a crucial role in enabling the digitization journey of the company w.r.t Sustainability data. The job position proactively gets involved early, on digitization projects and will support introduction of right data structures & interlinkages of various data sets by providing and validating various calculations with respect to water, wastewater and water replenishment inventories. The scope of the work covers enterprise level internal and external accurate & best-in-class (1) reporting of water, wastewater, and water replenishment related aspects of sustainability, (2) governance of the related data, (3) continuous improvement in the process of capturing and key water related metrics of the system.

Qualifications & Skills:

Bachelor's degree in Environment engineering, or equivalent discipline (Masters preferred) and 10-15 years’ work experience with multi-national company in field of water stewardship, water resource management, water risk management, sustainbility, and /or climate protection management. Should have knowledge about various elements of manufacturing supply chain.

In-depth knowledge of water management and water risk management.

In-depth understanding of drivers for water efficiency.

Knowledge of various water and wastewater treatment technologies.

Working experience of developing and implementing water strategy and governance (including standards, requirements etc.).

Expertise in trouble shooting and crisis management.

Working exposure to Environment Impact Assessments.

Experience in Data analytics, trend analysis, insights development.

Critical thinking, analytical and problem-solving skills.

Skills to translate complex data to simple reports and insights.

Ability to define problems and translate findings into a business message.

What We Can Do for You:

Global Network: Expand your global network by developing, learning, and growing with our top talent and connections around the world.

Agile Work Environment: We embrace agile, with leadership that believes in removing barriers, so you are empowered to innovate and discover new solutions to complex problems.

Commitment to Diversity: We are paving the way to create change in the industry and our leadership is committed to diversity, inclusion and belonging.

Purpose Driven: Purpose driven approach that empowers our people to protect the environment and communities we serve while delivering safe & quality products.

#LI-SS1


Our Purpose and Growth Culture:
We are taking deliberate action to nurture an inclusive culture that is grounded in our company purpose, to refresh the world and make a difference. We act with a growth mindset, take an expansive approach to what’s possible and believe in continuous learning to improve our business and ourselves. We focus on four key behaviors – curious, empowered, inclusive and agile – and value how we work as much as what we achieve. We believe that our culture is one of the reasons our company continues to thrive after 130+ years. Visit Our Purpose and Vision to learn more about these behaviors and how you can bring them to life in your next role at Coca-Cola.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. When we collect your personal information as part of a job application or offer of employment, we do so in accordance with industry standards and best practices and in compliance with applicable privacy laws.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportThrough our dedicated associates, Conduent delivers mission-critical services and solutions on behalf of Fortune 100 companies and over 500 governments – creating exceptional outcomes for our clients and the millions of people who count on them.
You have an opportunity to personally thrive, make a difference and be part of a culture where individuality is noticed and valued every day.
Job Description:
The Director of Application Development and Supportwill be responsible for day-to-day management and direction of development with an O&M production team and will be responsible for providing multi-tiered application development and support for IT systems.
The candidate is expected to actively participate in modernizing the product, processes, procedures, infrastructure and application support environments toward an Agile/DevOps approach.
The candidate will lead and supervise the development and production support team, which may include defining and executing a product roadmap and release management approach.

A candidate with a strong working knowledge of Finance, Accounting and Procurement is preferred; understanding application functionality and modules.

The Director will work closely with the Technology General Manager and other key business decision-makers in identifying and implementing cost-effective technology solutions for all aspects of the business.

This position provides the strategy, leadership, and day-to-day management of the Development/Operations/Production Support inclusive of infrastructure, software, hardware, networks, and security.

The Director has the ultimate responsibility of supporting current and future systems/solutions and clients.

Job Duties/Responsibilities:
Manage and staff a development and production support team along with providing Tier 1-3 application support for all product and client implementations.
Interface with the development/system integration team, client, and system users daily.
Manage and report on ticket status and response metrics on a weekly basis.
Manage, report on, and communicate root cause analysis and recommendations.
Draft and deliver SES/leadership-ready communication (both written and oral) to report on issues, roadblocks, and issue summaries.
Plan and coordinate scheduled application releases.
Lead all phases of Development/Operations/Production Support.
Completes operational requirements by scheduling and assigning employees, following up on work results.
Maintains product/client support staff by recruiting, selecting, orienting, and training employees.
Maintains product/client management staff job results by counseling and disciplining employees, planning, monitoring, and appraising job results.
Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
Perform routine and ad-hoc analyses to report program/project performance with respect to resources and costs within project constraints.
Develop and manage deliverables that include Project Schedule, Program Integrated Master Schedule, Project Status Report, Project Risks and Issues Log.
Ensuring excellent service is provided as stipulated in our client's O&M contracts.
Client retention through the continued focus on customer satisfaction during the contract period.
Plan, monitor, and analyze key metrics for the day-to-day performance of the operations to ensure efficient and timely completion of tasks
Devise strategies to ensure growth of programs enterprise-wide, identifying and implementing process improvements that will maximize output and minimize costs
Requires skill in organizing work and building an effective team to respond to a high volume of service requests.
Qualifications / Experience:
Bachelor's degree in Management Information Systems / Computer Science / Computer Engineering or equivalent experience
Experience in Finance, Accounting and Procurement domai.
Solid understanding of SDLC and governance best practices.
Minimum of 10 years' experience working in all phases of the SDLC
Minimum of 7+ years of experience leading and supporting IT implementations/support and/or providing Tier 1-3 application support; minimum four (4) years of experience in team leadership.
Strong Program and Project Management skills
Self-starter who can dive into complex projects and take it forward with minimal supervision.
Must be process oriented and have strong organizational skills
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills.
Ability to provide competent and proactive leadership.
Ability to establish cross-functional, collaborative relationships with business and technology partners.
Ability to work with a sense of urgency and attention to detail
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Prior experience in a similar role is required
Must be currently eligible to work in the US for any employer without sponsorship
Must consent to and successfully clear all required pre-employment screenings.
Conduent is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, gender identity, gender expression, sex/gender, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, medical condition, use of a guide dog or service animal, military/veteran status, citizenship status, basis of genetic information, or any other group protected by law.
People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply for or compete for employment with Conduent may request such accommodation(s) by clicking on the following link, completing the accommodation request form, and submitting the request by using the "Submit" button at the bottom of the form. For those using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox please download the form first: click here to access or download the form. You may also click here to access Conduent's ADAAA Accommodation Policy.
At Conduent,we value the health and safety of our associates, their families and our community. Under our current protocols, we do not require vaccination against COVID for most of our US jobs, but may require you to provide your COVID vaccination status, where legally permissible.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportWelcome to Perennial.

Perennial is building the world's leading verification platform for soil-based carbon removal. Our vision is to unlock soil as the world's largest carbon sink. To do that, we are building trusted standards, tools, and technologies to help verify climate-smart agriculture.

Perennial uses the world's most advanced remote measurement technology for soil carbon sequestration and emissions. We fuse machine learning, ground observations, and satellite data to map soil carbon and land-based GHG emissions at continent-level scales. This technology is powering the future of climate-smart agriculture and helping the food supply chain decarbonize.

At Perennial, you will work in a mission-driven and collaborative environment alongside a diverse team with backgrounds spanning science, technology, carbon markets, and agriculture.

Our HQ is located in Boulder, CO USA. We are a fully-flexible company for remote and hybrid work.

We've raised $25M+ from mission-aligned investors including Temasek, Bloomberg, Microsoft Climate Innovation Fund, SineWave Ventures, Alumni Ventures Group, and Collaborative Fund.

About the Role:

As the Head of Data Science, you will lead a team to develop clearly defined models and algorithms that quantify carbon content in farmland from local to continent scales. Output from these algorithms will directly support the issuance of carbon offset credits underpinned by Perennial's award-winning technology. You will play a foundational role in shaping the strategy, architecture, and buildout of Perennial's data-driven quantification methodology. You will manage an excellent team of data scientists and applied scientists to execute Perennial's vision, and will report directly to the CTO. You will work closely with the VP of Engineering and VP or Product, and will be expected to communicate technical data science issues to stakeholders outside the data science and engineering teams. This is a tremendous opportunity to join a productive team at a pivotal time, and to apply your leadership skills to one of the most challenging and important problems in climate tech.

Your Responsibilities:
Manage and grow a stellar team of data scientists and applied scientists.
Report directly to the CTO to execute Perennial's vision. This will require integrating information from engineering, science and commercial teams to balance competing objectives.
Create and uphold a culture of communication and tight integration between the data science team and other teams within the company.
Work closely with data scientists to generate new models, algorithms, metrics, features, and architectures to improve performance and explainability with respect to commercial and science objectives.
Help explore solutions to problems such as temporal change detection, label-limited ML, and model applicability domain.
Represent the company's data science externally at conferences and assist in the authorship of whitepapers or peer-reviewed publications.
What You'll Bring:
Extensive management experience in data science or algorithm development.
Proven experience contributing to or leading modeling efforts at a company where the data science outputs are directly delivered as the end product.
Proven experience balancing the needs of data science and commercial or product teams to achieve a common objective.
Ability to manage open-ended R&D timelines alongside definite product requirements.
Experience delivering ML/DL models in production.
Strong experience with modern data science and computational statistics toolsets (e.g. the Python ML stack, numpy, pandas, sklearn, jupyter, AWS, etc.) and familiarity with a variety of MLOps tools.
Experience applying a variety of ML/DL algorithms, including regressions, tree-based methods, neural networks, and time-series methods.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to translate technical concepts for a non-technical audience.
What will make you stand out:
8+ years of management experience in data science or algorithm development.
Experience or education in the physical, life, or ecological sciences, especially in a commercially relevant setting.
Startup experience, preferably Series A stage or earlier.
Experience with geospatial data or spatio-temporal prediction problems strongly preferred.
Experience with one or more of the following: remote sensing, computer vision, deep learning, statistics, data/ML engineering, model training automation, physical sciences, life sciences, ecosystem sciences, carbon quantification, agriculture.
Experience with scalable computing for ML/DL inference (e.g. Dask, Spark, batch computing).
Bayesian methods, including methods of error propagation.

Our Stack: Python, React, sklearn, Docker, Airflow, PostGIS, GDAL, AWS

You'll love working at Perennial because:
We live by our Core Values.
Speak your truths, welcome new voices.
Celebrate your successes, own your mistakes.
Solve important problems.
Invest in each other.
Build for the future.
Get your hands dirty!
We challenge the status quo. We're a group of people who want to create the changes we hope to see in the world. See some of our recent press about the problems we're committed to solving.
We invest in your life. We want to provide you with resources to meet your needs both in and outside of work. We offer generous PTO, health, vision, dental, 401k, and HSA benefits and a fully stocked kitchen to keep your mind sharp throughout the day.
We want you to grow. We are a team that supports each others' professional and intellectual growth. You'll have access to regular opportunities to learn from teammates and invest in your professional development.
We offer competitive compensation packages. Our team is our most valuable asset. We want everyone who works for us to feel fairly compensated for the impact they bring to our mission. The team member in this role can expect a starting salary in the range of $190,000 - $260,000 alongside equity in the company.
Perennial is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate and embrace diversity and are committed to building a team that represents a variety of experiences, backgrounds, and skills. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
Show Less 
ReportYou Lead the Way. We’ve Got Your Back.

At American Express, we know that with the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. Whether we’re supporting our customers’ financial confidence to move ahead, taking commerce to new heights, or encouraging people to explore the world, our colleagues are constantly redefining what’s possible - and we’re proud to back each other every step of the way. When you join #TeamAmex, you become part of a diverse community of over 60,000 colleagues, all with a common goal to deliver an exceptional customer experience every day.

Amex Flex

We back our colleagues with the support they need to thrive, professionally and personally. That’s why we have Amex Flex, our company-wide working model that provides greater flexibility to colleagues while ensuring we preserve the important aspects of our unique in-person culture. Depending on role and business needs, colleagues will either work onsite, in a hybrid model (combination of in-office and virtual days) or fully virtually.

This is a hybrid role; Hybrid colleagues work a mix of in-office and virtual days, coming into the office 1-3 days per week on average. Leaders and colleagues will plan common days for in-person connection, collaboration, and events.

The Role

Within the newly created Technology Business Management team, the VP, Technology Portfolio Management will lead the enterprise planning function for American’ Express’ $1.6B+ Technology Investment portfolio. This pivotal role will be responsible for defining and implementing new investment, capacity, and financial management processes within Technology and across the Company to establish a consistent and efficient operating model and drive transparent and effective investment decisions.

The successful candidate will connect technology delivery to business outcomes with a strong understanding of the Company’s Enterprise strategic objectives and business strategies. As a leader of a high-performing technology portfolio organization, this candidate will have a business-oriented and data-driven mindset, passion for process and tooling innovation, and the possess the ability to partner with others at multiple levels to lead changes for key business processes.

What you’ll do:
Own and manage enterprise-wide design and governance of portfolio management core processes including annual Technology Investment planning, quarterly and PI-based portfolio health and monthly Business Unit and Financial Reviews.
Provide actionable insights to Technology Leadership to manage delivery risk and optimize investments across and within portfolios.
Proactively manage financial and capacity planning and forecasting across a $1.6B Technology investment portfolio, including scenario planning and analytics. Ensure headcount forecasts and actuals are accurate and aligned to financial targets.
Establish and champion a consistent taxonomy, reporting and metrics with Portfolio, Engineering, and Product leaders to enable data integrity, increase adoption and drive decisions.
Build an effective change management and feedback approach with Technology, Business, Product, and Finance partners to identify and action continual improvement opportunities.
Build a strong partnership with Tech Finance to collaborate and create deliverables for forecasting, annual and long-range plans.
Manage Technology and Business stakeholders across the Consumer, Commercial, and Risk portfolios to provide transparency into delivery progress while effectively managing risks and opportunities.
Lead a team of 30+ Portfolio Managers based in the US and UK, operating in a hybrid and virtual environment.
Help to build a fun and engaged hybrid workplace culture across TSPM.
Who you are:
An executive leader with 10+ years of experience in Technology portfolio management, 5+ years leading, developing, and mentoring high performing teams
An excellent communicator with the ability to engage, influence, and inspire others to work towards shared outcomes.
Intellectually curious and data-driven – Ability to proactively ask questions and design a data model to answer them; prior experience in financial scenario modeling, data analytics and executive summarization to avert risk and drive actions
Continual Improvement and Innovation – Passion for continual improvement, process design, and automation; seeks new ways to improve effectiveness, quality, and compliance
Leadership – Experience in leading, and mentoring diverse and global teams
Stakeholder Management – Confident and clear communication and relationship building skills, with the ability to influence Executive leaders / SMEs, and drive progress and decision making
Business and Technical Knowledge – Understanding of industry trends in Financial Services (Payments, FinTech) and American Express’ business model. Must have the ability to connect business strategy to product roadmaps and core technology.
Automation and PPM / Agile Lifecycle Tools - Well-versed in the processes and tools that drive Technology portfolio and financial management such as Rally, Jira, Clarity, Apptio, Oracle, and Ariba. Bias and Ability to “automate the automatable”.
Results Oriented – Track record of driving results across multiple channels and initiatives in a fast paced and dynamic environment.
Familiar with Agile and SAFe methodologies; empathetic to Agile team needs.
Located in NY and willing travel up to 10%.

Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions

Salary Range: $210,000.00 to $300,000.00 annually + bonus + equity (if applicable) + benefits

The above represents the expected salary range for this job requisition. Ultimately, in determining your pay, we'll consider your location, experience, and other job-related factors.

American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law.

We back our colleagues with the support they need to thrive, professionally and personally. That's why we have Amex Flex, our enterprise working model that provides greater flexibility to colleagues while ensuring we preserve the important aspects of our unique in-person culture. Depending on role and business needs, colleagues will either work onsite, in a hybrid model (combination of in-office and virtual days) or fully virtually.

US Job Seekers/Employees - Click here to view the “EEO is the Law” poster and supplement and the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.

If the links do not work, please copy and paste the following URLs in a new browser window: https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters to access the three posters.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportYou Lead the Way. We’ve Got Your Back.

Description

At American Express, we know that with the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. Whether we’re supporting our customers’ financial confidence to move ahead, taking commerce to new heights, or encouraging people to explore the world, our colleagues are constantly redefining what’s possible — and we’re proud to back each other every step of the way.
When you join Team Amex, you become part of a diverse community of over 60,000 colleagues, all with a common goal to deliver an exceptional customer experience every day. Here, you’ll learn and grow as we champion your meaningful career journey with programs, benefits, and flexibility to back you personally and professionally. Every colleague shares in the company’s success.
Together, we’ll win as a team, striving to uphold our company values and powerful backing promise to our customers, communities, and each other every day. And, we’ll do it with integrity and in an environment where everyone is seen, heard and feels like they truly belong.
Join #TeamAmex and let’s lead the way together.
Organizational Context

The Data Center Infrastructure (DCI) organization provides centralized leadership for core and regional data centers and critical technology environments. Our data centers are the foundation of American Express’ technology platforms, a critical component in providing continual services to our customers while protecting their most confidential and personal information. DCI is a component of the Global Infrastructure (GI) organization. GI is comprised of Mainframe and Data Center Infrastructure, Cloud Engineering & Operations, Core Infrastructure Engineering, Data Services, Global Technology Operations, IT Service Management & Risk, and Program Management. GI works in partnership with Global Technology and Business Unit CIO teams to provide American Express with premier data center environments.

Range of Impact/Influence

Millions of customers depend on our infrastructure, we depend on you. The success of our entire company rests on our systems, networks, and people. Our Program Managers know that delivering on that promise takes a resilient, scalable, and efficient Infrastructure. So if you’re an authority on infrastructure and know the value of supporting technology and the people who depend on it, join our team. The best infrastructure isn’t built in a day or even a year and it’s certainly not built without a team. Here’s just some of what you’ll do: Contribute to the analysis of business, application, and infrastructure requirements. Design, build, enhance, and integrate the critical systems infrastructure required to support global technology infrastructure. Participate in bringing consistent approach to capacity monitoring, availability assessment, maintenance plans, remediation activity, and capital project execution.

We are looking for an individual to lead our Data Center Raised Floor Infrastructure Technology (RFIT) team in the IPC1 data center, joining the DCI leadership team focused on service delivery and production support in this Core Data Center.

The DCI RFIT team is responsible for providing 7x24 operational support, service delivery and strategic planning for all technology infrastructure across the Data Center. This role is responsible for providing leadership and strategic direction to the RFIT team across a wide variety of critical path work streams such as critical infrastructure development, space/power capacity planning, network/power cabling, and technology infrastructure break-fix.

The DCI RFIT Director leads the governance, operations, resources, infrastructure, and workflow associated with IPC1 Data Center. They will develop interpersonal dedication to ongoing quality and environmental improvement, ensuring that systems performance and service level requirements are met by setting strategies for Service Delivery, and planning the integration of all vendor and/or supplier services that support the strategic needs of Technology in terms of application and infrastructure.

The successful candidate will apply technical knowledge to solve problems possessing an understanding of the interrelationships between various mission critical facility systems and while maintaining a close partnership with building operations teams. They will also have the opportunity to work in a state-of-the-art facility where they will be included in plan and procedure development. The candidate will need to support mission critical facility roles such as mechanical, electrical, and building management systems maintenance. This position escalates operational availability risks to leadership.

Responsibilities

In this role you will be specifically responsible for:

Continuous delivery of Production and Development IT services and customer requests

Planning, deployment and forecasting of all data center IT space, power, and cooling capacity

Partners with the Global Infrastructure organization in leading the day-to-day operations to improve quality, performance and availability

Collaborates with strategic business partners (e.g., IBM, EMC, HP) in leading the day-to-day operations and ensuring optimal performance of hardware within Technology infrastructure

Works with Global Service Organization (bridge management) to run all business critical incidents impacting the portfolio

Change support and incident management of all data processing environments (E1-E3)

Network integration and escalation for all core products/production services, network capacity and infrastructure dependencies, automated and manual switch/port configuration management

Fiber and copper IT cable and conveyance installation and management

WAN circuits and transport. Demarc, MDF, IDF Infrastructure

Non-proprietary IT break fix, component replacement and RMA

Ensure elite event response, space planning and infrastructure delivery in support of data processing and network operations in Phoenix, AZ (IPC1)

Lead and control data center operations and services costs

Ensure the correct level of resilient facility infrastructure is being provided for critical spaces related to Technology strategic and tactical needs

Closely collaborate with strategic business partners, internal customers and vendors to deploy the most appropriate critical space, power, cooling and cabling necessary to support data processing and network infrastructure operations

Optimize data center and critical space plans and provide recommendations on invest, disinvest, risk, corrective actions and growth opportunities as required

Develop, review, maintain and enforce DCI global processes and standards related to critical space governance

Develop, review, maintain and carry out DCI global processes and standards related to critical environment governance

Coordinate placement and site preparation for new IT deployments

Be responsible for IT power distribution and rack power installations and rack and stack of new IT hardware

As part of our diverse tech team, you can architect, code and ship software that makes us an essential part of our customers’ digital lives. Here, you can work alongside talented engineers in an open, supportive, inclusive environment where your voice is valued, and you make your own decisions on what tech to use to solve challenging problems. American Express offers a range of opportunities to work with the latest technologies and encourages you to back the broader engineering community through open source. And because we understand the importance of keeping your skills fresh and relevant, we give you dedicated time to invest in your professional development. Find your place in technology of #TeamAmex.

Qualifications

Qualified applicants are likely to possess the following background and qualifications:

Knowledge of multiple business and technical environments, covering a large variety of business functions and capabilities

Demonstrable ability to analyze business requirements and translate into data center infrastructure deliverables

Comprehensive knowledge of Technology and operational understanding for business area supported

Deep understanding of the roles and functions that span the Service Delivery organization, ability to manage and lead large, highly technical technology service delivery team

Leadership experience in handling multiple, large, multi-functional teams or projects

Pragmatic in stabilizing multiple conflicting demands: Looks across portfolio and interpersonal boundaries in finding opportunities, gaps, alignments and value oriented solutions

Ability to lead complex interaction with leadership-level personnel outside of the organization

Ability to convey complex technical information to lay audiences

Working knowledge of ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 14001:2004 process and Quality Management Systems

Understands the DCI Global Governance Model and operating principles

Proficient at developing and presenting ideas and moving them beyond the conceptual realm

Requires financial acumen in terms of monitoring, controlling and reporting budget expenditure

Demonstrable ability to effectively resolve conflict

Ability to escalate operational risks to data center infrastructure leadership

Exhibits basic level skills and knowledge of building systems and equipment beyond their primary role

Ability to influence management matrix in order to achieve outcomes without direct responsibility

Exhibits good time management skills and neatness

Developed strategic solutions meeting or exceeding pre-defined quality requirements and falling within budgetary and quality parameters

Conceived, initiated, and led projects with widespread impact on infrastructure design, innovation, and implementation

Outstanding written and verbal communication skills and the ability to create and deliver senior management messages

Experience defining and implementing operational metrics; facilitate a data-driven decision-making environment

Ability to think creatively while maintaining focus on practicality

Active in industry forums and standard/guideline setting organizations

Other Requirements

Minimum of 10 years’ experience with large-scale DC operations or large-scale compute facilities

Experience in data center management and implementation within a large-scale environment

Leadership experience in leading large multi-functional teams and the flexibility to influence people at a variety of levels internally and externally

Extensive professional experience in a global organization, with a successful track record in leading organizations and influencing people with an emphasis on teamwork

Why American Express?

There’s a difference between having a job and making a difference.

American Express has been making a difference in people’s lives for over 160 years, backing them in moments big and small, granting access, tools, and resources to take on their biggest challenges and reap the greatest rewards.

We’ve also made a difference in the lives of our people, providing a culture of learning and collaboration, and helping them with what they need to succeed and thrive. We have their backs as they grow their skills, conquer new challenges, or even take time to spend with their family or community. And when they’re ready to take on a new career path, we’re right there with them, giving them the guidance and momentum into the best future they envision.

Because we believe that the best way to back our customers is to back our people.

The powerful backing of American Express.

Don’t make a difference without it.

Don’t live life without it!

American Express is an accommodating equal opportunity employer!




Salary Range: $145,000.00 to $230,000.00 annually + bonus + equity (if applicable) + benefits

The above represents the expected salary range for this job requisition. Ultimately, in determining your pay, we'll consider your location, experience, and other job-related factors.

American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law.

We back our colleagues with the support they need to thrive, professionally and personally. That’s why we have Amex Flex, our enterprise working model that provides greater flexibility to colleagues while ensuring we preserve the important aspects of our unique in-person culture. Depending on role and business needs, colleagues will either work onsite, in a hybrid model (combination of in-office and virtual days) or fully virtually.

US Job Seekers/Employees - Click here to view the “EEO is the Law” poster and supplement and the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.

US Job Seekers/Employees - Click here to view the “EEO is the Law” poster and supplement and the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.

Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions.

If the links do not work, please copy and paste the following URLs in a new browser window: https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters to access the three posters.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportYou Lead the Way. We’ve Got Your Back.

With the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. When you join Team Amex, you become part of a global and diverse community of colleagues with an unwavering commitment to back our customers, communities and each other. Here, you’ll learn and grow as we help you create a career journey that’s unique and meaningful to you with benefits, programs, and flexibility that support you personally and professionally.

At American Express, you’ll be recognized for your contributions, leadership, and impact—every colleague has the opportunity to share in the company’s success. Together, we’ll win as a team, striving to uphold our company values and powerful backing promise to provide the world’s best customer experience every day. And we’ll do it with the utmost integrity, and in an environment where everyone is seen, heard and feels like they belong.

Join Team Amex and let's lead the way together.

As part of our diverse tech team, you can architect, code and ship software that makes us an essential part of our customers’ digital lives. Here, you can work alongside talented engineers in an open, supportive, inclusive environment where your voice is valued, and you make your own decisions on what tech to use to solve challenging problems. Amex offers a range of opportunities to work with the latest technologies and encourages you to back the broader engineering community through open source. And because we understand the importance of keeping your skills fresh and relevant, we give you dedicated time to invest in your professional development. Find your place in technology on #TeamAmex.

Job Responsibilities:

Manage American Express regulatory engagements from preparedness to response and remediation for Technology Risk and Information Security programs, processes, and procedures.

Manage internal compliance audits and assessments relating to Technology Risk and Information Security programs, processes, and procedures.

Participate with key financial sector and cybersecurity industry groups and collaborate with others within American Express to share information.

Monitor emerging information security developments and help assess the impacts and relevance to American Express to stay ahead of new policies and regulations.

Coordinate activities among various groups inside of American Express involved with regulatory/compliance activities and external partnerships at varying levels with different focus areas (e.g. General Counsel’s Office, Global Regulatory Compliance, Government Affairs, Global Security, etc.).

Plan, direct, and coordinate projects in Exam Management, Price Waterhouse Cooper, and the Industry Relations Program from initiation through implementation.

Required Skills/Qualifications:

Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively with diverse and distributed teams across the organization.

Demonstrated ability leading, mentoring, and providing feedback to people on performance and opportunities to strengthen programs.

Strong written and oral communication skills including the ability to build C level presentations.

5+ years of previous IT and business work experience including collaborating with team(s) in analysis and/or program management functions within cybersecurity domains.

Demonstrated ability and expertise in understanding highly technical processes and procedures and explaining them to cross functional audiences.

Proven decision-making and problem-solving capabilities with strong follow-up skills and attention to detail.

Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, be quickly able to adapt to a changing environment, and be able to effectively handle fast paced situations.

Excellent time management skills and a proven ability to meet timelines.

Ability to act as the delegate for our Cyber Crisis Response Preparedness Incident Response Lead.

REQ# 22031769

Salary Range: $170,000.00 to $255,000.00 annually + bonus + equity (if applicable) + benefits

The above represents the expected salary range for this job requisition. Ultimately, in determining your pay, we'll consider your location, experience, and other job-related factors.

American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law.

We back our colleagues with the support they need to thrive, professionally and personally. That's why we have Amex Flex, our enterprise working model that provides greater flexibility to colleagues while ensuring we preserve the important aspects of our unique in-person culture. Depending on role and business needs, colleagues will either work onsite, in a hybrid model (combination of in-office and virtual days) or fully virtually.

US Job Seekers/Employees - Click here to view the “EEO is the Law” poster and supplement and the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.

If the links do not work, please copy and paste the following URLs in a new browser window: https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters to access the three posters.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportYou Lead the Way. We’ve Got Your Back.

With the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. When you join Team Amex, you become part of a global and diverse community of colleagues with an unwavering commitment to back our customers, communities and each other. Here, you’ll learn and grow as we help you create a career journey that’s unique and meaningful to you with benefits, programs, and flexibility that support you personally and professionally. At American Express, you’ll be recognized for your contributions, leadership, and impact—every colleague has the opportunity to share in the company’s success. Together, we’ll win as a team, striving to uphold our company values and powerful backing promise to provide the world’s best customer experience every day. And we’ll do it with the utmost integrity, and in an environment where everyone is seen, heard and feels like they belong. Join Team Amex and let’s lead the way together.

As part of our diverse tech team, you can architect, code and ship software that makes us an essential part of our custome rs’ digital lives. Here, you can work alongside talented engineers in an open, supportive, inclusive environment where your voice is valued, and you make your own decisions on what tech to use to solve challenging problems. Amex offers a range of opportunities to work with the latest technologies and encourages you to back the broader engineering community through open source. And because we understand the importance of keeping your skills fresh and relevant, we give you dedicated time to invest in your professional development. Find your place in technology on #TeamAmex.

Focus

Would you like to join an Identity and Access Management (IAM) organization that is reimagining PAM security?

At American Express, we are bringing together ground breaking technologies, innovative solutions and industry leading PAM expertise to secure our most critical IT assets against an ever evolving threat landscape while providing friction-less services for a rich customer experience.

As the Director (IT Security-PAM), you will lead a team of IAM experts, define Amex's PAM strategy, own the design and delivery of secure, resilient & customer centric PAM services on cloud & on-prem, and champion a culture of technological innovation & continuous service improvement.

Organizational Context

As a leader in the Technology Risk & Information Security organization, you will work closely with the Vice President of IAM, the Directors of IAM and the Lead IAM Technology strategist to refresh the PAM business and technology strategy and will collaborate with many organizations, both internal and external, to bring the PAM strategic vision to fruition




Key Responsibilities

Hires, coaches, mentors, and develops team members

Makes difficult, impactful business decisions in a timely manner

Plays a key role in establishing forums and committees resulting in the delegation of work and assignments to collaborators/participants

Engages in the investment decision process developing business arguments and cost benefit analyses for new information security solutions

Defines and plans the information security investment portfolio; prioritize investments based on resource availability and/or changing business priorities

Influences collaborators to achieve targeted levels of PAM controls strength and compliance

Provides strategic recommendations to leaders and key decision makers regarding IT security, to help solve critical business issues with appropriate controls

Adapts plans and programs to changes in the regulatory environment and threat landscape

Builds controls and metrics to demonstrate control strength that result in satisfactory audits and regulatory exams

Defines role descriptions, responsibilities and resource requirements for execution of programs and projects within the PAM portfolio

Identifies current and desired future state capabilities, incorporating industry leading technologies that enhance AXP's ability to lead IT Security risk

Drives the organization in the development and deployment of risk mitigation strategies and controls

Education & Experience

Bachelor’s Degree in related field required; advanced degree preferred, Professional certification preferred (e.g. CISA, CISSP, CISM etc.)

Possesses extensive relevant professional work experience, including implementing sophisticated business solutions, technologies process and automation tools; relevant background in information security, controls, compliance and/or regulatory experience

Requires an ability to craft, implement and operate information security processes and methodologies in a manner that effectively supports business objectives

Requires in-depth knowledge of multiple technological capabilities

Requires proven management and/or leadership experience

Impactful Behaviors

Share information security domain expertise and provide specialized insights to business partners and technology teams

Networks and communicates with peers persuasively to gain partnership for projects and initiatives within own function or domain

Adapt solutions to meet the broader needs of the organization, solving problems that span multiple areas

Introduce new and impactful IT Sec solutions and/or technologies based on research, POC efforts and independent research

Align longer term plans with team strategy for maximum return on investment

Identify and understands information security trends and activities in the external market / industry and the impact on the organization.

Embody a “One Team” approach, by developing a highly impactful team that empowers employees and furthers an inclusive culture

Champions diversity of thoughts & ideas to enable success in achieving business objectives.

Diagnose the strengths and development opportunities within the team and optimally confronts and resolves team issues affecting individual and team performance

Knowledge/Skills

Collaboration skills along with the ability to influence without authority

Effective Communication, influencing and interpersonal skills

Knowledge of IAM and PAM security and controls

Consistent track record of defining IAM & IT security strategies

Understands the threat landscape and how they relate to compliance requirements with IAM, PAM or other information security policies, standards, and procedures

Ability to identify, attract and retain top talent

Requires an understanding of organization's risk tolerances regarding information security

Be an ambassador of change and innovation

Extensive experience in Banking and Payments Industry Knowledge

Deep insights into technology & IT security industry trends

REQ# 22031257

Salary Range: $170,000.00 to $255,000.00 annually + bonus + equity (if applicable) + benefits

The above represents the expected salary range for this job requisition. Ultimately, in determining your pay, we'll consider your location, experience, and other job-related factors.

American Express is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, disability status, age, or any other status protected by law.

We back our colleagues with the support they need to thrive, professionally and personally. That's why we have Amex Flex, our enterprise working model that provides greater flexibility to colleagues while ensuring we preserve the important aspects of our unique in-person culture. Depending on role and business needs, colleagues will either work onsite, in a hybrid model (combination of in-office and virtual days) or fully virtually.

US Job Seekers/Employees - Click here to view the “EEO is the Law” poster and supplement and the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.

If the links do not work, please copy and paste the following URLs in a new browser window: https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters to access the three posters.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less 
Report