7+ years of Product Management or Technical Program Management experience in a related industry
Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science or related technical field OR additional years of experience in related field
Experience in stakeholder management and working with engineering teams
Ability to present business products and demonstrate integration and use benefits.
Understanding of the software development lifecycle (SDLC)
Demonstrated written and verbal communication skills and ability to present in large groups
Experience with managing large cross-functional projects
Significant technical depth and understanding of distributed systems and engineering best practices

Job summary What do you know about protecting sensitive data? What about fine-grained access control (FGAC) on Big Data? Or attribute-based access control (ABAC) and context based authorization? In Amazon Security we build Access Policy Management systems to enable all Amazon teams to apply FGAC to their sensitive data. We build products that apply context based authorization to solve the problem of over-permissioning. We do this to protect Amazon customer, seller, vendor and employee information across from constantly changing abuse actor behaviors and patterns. In our newly created organization we have a rare opportunity to engage with multiple Amazon organizations and groups of experienced tech leaders to build products with impact at an impressive scale (hundreds of thousands of services). Key job responsibilities We are looking for a Principal, Product Manager Technical (PM-T) to drive the scoping and delivering of projects from end-to-end. You will be responsible for identifying the stakeholders, driving to set roadmaps and strategies for the program, driving delivery, reporting status, and holding the bar on product quality. You will handle complex inter-team dependencies and bridge the gaps in technical management. You will have the opportunity to learn about various Amazon business and technologies. Successful candidates for this position must have a strong product management background and demonstrated experience leading medium to large projects. They must possess strong verbal and written communication skills, be self-driven and deliver high quality results in a fast-paced environment.

Background in software architecture and technical management.
Ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical individuals.
Demonstrated ability to prioritize and push forward in an ambiguous environment.

The base pay range for this position in New York City is $197,900 - $267,800. Our range of benefits may include health care, employee discounts, 401(k) savings plans, paid time off, and more. This information is provided per the New York City Human Rights Law. Base pay information is based on market location. Applicants should apply via Amazon's internal or external careers site.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

Workers in New York City who perform in-person work or interact with the public in the course of business must show proof they have been fully vaccinated against COVID or request and receive approval for a reasonable accommodation, including medical or religious accommodation.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less At Bristol Myers Squibb, we are inspired by a single vision – transforming patients’ lives through science. In oncology, hematology, immunology and cardiovascular disease – and one of the most diverse and promising pipelines in the industry – each of our passionate colleagues contribute to innovations that drive meaningful change. We bring a human touch to every treatment we pioneer. Join us and make a difference.

Summary:

BMS is seeking an experienced Identity and Access Management manager that can provide design, implementation, and support of Identity and Access Management services. This is a technical role in a team with equally dedicated and passionate Engineers supporting our IAM services.

Responsibilities:

Responsible for design, development, implementation, and support of authentication, authorization, Web Single-Sign-On (SSO), and Federation services using SiteMinder and ForgeRock Access Management, and Directory Services.
Support and maintain SiteMinder Policy Servers, Secure Proxy Servers, Web Agents, AuthAz Web Services, Advanced Authentication, and Symantec VIP Gateway services.
Hands-on experience in configuration, integration, and troubleshooting of SAML, OIDC/OAuth2 open standard protocol-based solutions.
Design, develop and implement custom authentication modules in the ForgeRock Access Management environment.
Be self-directed, take the lead on technical escalations and drive incidents or problems until resolution. That involves automation, networking, cloud infrastructure security, and integration with 3rd party products.
Develop Architecture documents, requirements, network designs, roadmaps, technology/maintenance/upgrade lifecycle, execution plans, monitoring, and health checks validations, recovery plan, roll back plans, and DR Solutions.
Keep ForgeRock and SiteMinder modules/software current and patched. Lead upgrades projects.
Configure, build and support required monitoring and testing of authentication services
Support and maintain in-house developed web applications and databases.
Take part in an after-hours on-call support rotation and implement solutions, patching and deployment activities after hours as needed.
Establish and maintain effective relationships with Internal Infrastructure, Application and Business partners to understand needs, use, and systems to facilitate effective IAM solutions.

Qualification:

4+ years of experience designing, implementing, and supporting SSO and Federation services using ForgeRock or SiteMinder technology stack.
2+ years of experience in implementing solutions using SAML, OIDC and Multi-Factor Authentication.
Experience working with and implementing highly available ForgeRock or SiteMinder solutions in an AWS environment.
Proficient in one of the known programming and scripting language (Python, Java, JavaScript)
Troubleshooting and networking skills, including DNS and load balancers
Self-directed with excellent communication and documentation skills
BS or equivalent in information technology, computer engineering, computer science, or related field

Around the world, we are passionate about making an impact on the lives of patients with serious diseases. Empowered to apply our individual talents and diverse perspectives in an inclusive culture, our shared values of passion, innovation, urgency, accountability, inclusion and integrity bring out the highest potential of each of our colleagues.

Bristol Myers Squibb recognizes the importance of balance and flexibility in our work environment. We offer a wide variety of competitive benefits, services and programs that provide our employees with the resources to pursue their goals, both at work and in their personal lives.

Physical presence at the BMS worksite or physical presence in the field is an essential job function of this role which the Company deems critical to collaboration, innovation, productivity, employee well-being and engagement, and enhances the Company culture.

To protect the safety of our workforce, customers, patients and communities, the policy of the Company requires all employees and workers in the U.S. and Puerto Rico to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19, unless they have received an exception based on an approved request for a medical or religious reasonable accommodation. Therefore, all BMS applicants seeking a role located in the U.S. and Puerto Rico must confirm that they have already received or are willing to receive the full COVID-19 vaccination by their start date as a qualification of the role and condition of employment. This requirement is subject to state and local law restrictions and may not be applicable to employees working in certain jurisdictions such as Montana. This requirement is also subject to discussions with collective bargaining representatives in the U.S.

Our company is committed to ensuring that people with disabilities can excel through a transparent recruitment process, reasonable workplace adjustments and ongoing support in their roles. Applicants can request an approval of accommodation prior to accepting a job offer. If you require reasonable accommodation in completing this application or if you are applying to a role based in the U.S. or Puerto Rico and you believe that you are unable to receive a COVID-19 vaccine due to a medical condition or sincerely held religious belief, during or any part of the recruitment process, please direct your inquiries to adastaffingsupport@bms.com. Visit careers.bms.com/eeo-accessibility to access our complete Equal Employment Opportunity statement.

BMS will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, pursuant to applicable laws in your area.

Any data processed in connection with role applications will be treated in accordance with applicable data privacy policies and regulations.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less At Disney, we’re storytellers. We make the impossible, possible. The Walt Disney Company is a world-class entertainment and technological leader. Walt’s passion was to continuously envision new ways to move audiences around the world—a passion that remains our touchstone in an enterprise that stretches from theme parks, resorts and a cruise line to sports, news, movies and a variety of other businesses. Uniting each endeavor is a commitment to creating and delivering unforgettable experiences — and we’re constantly looking for new ways to enhance these exciting experiences.

The Enterprise Technology mission is to deliver technology solutions that align to business strategies while enabling enterprise efficiency and promoting cross-company collaborative innovation. The Enterprise Technology organization drives competitive advantage by enhancing our consumer experiences, enabling business growth, and advancing operational excellence.

Disney’s Enterprise Technology Identity and Access Management (IAM) group is responsible for providing a Core IAM ecosystem of products and platforms in use across the company by cast members, employees, and partners within Disney’s business segments (DMED, DPEP, Studios, DGE) and Corporate functions. Our vision is to provide modern Identity and Access Management capabilities and services that are simple, seamless, and secure to protect our workforce, our data, and our brands.

We are seeking a Manager, Product Management within the Enterprise Identity & Access Management (IAM) group to lead and manage our product and service management practice for a portfolio of enterprise-grade SaaS, custom-developed, and on-premise IAM products and service offerings that support the workforce and application owners at Disney.

You will manage a team of talented product managers, service managers, and product owners in their support of strategy and delivery of the full lifecycle (instantiation/onboarding, evolution, retirement/transition) of our services in partnership with Architecture, Engineering, Operations, and our stakeholders.

This is a critical and strategic role for our group as we embark on a significant multi-year transformational effort of our Identity and Access Management services.

Responsibilities:

In this role, you will manage the Product team for the Enterprise Identity and Access Management (IAM) group at Disney.

Manage all business aspects of each IAM Product and Service Offering including roadmap, planning, budget, allocations, advocacy/marketing and communication

Contributes to Enterprise IAM group’s strategic planning and direction by oversee the creation and implementation of governance and strategy framework/execution for each product and service

Foster growth and success of a geographically-distributed team of product managers, service managers, and product owners as they work with colleagues in scrum delivery teams and extended teams on moving the needle for each of our products and services

Perform trending and analysis to identify efficiencies and continuous improvement opportunities to support service lifecycle and portfolio rationalization

Partner with Operations and Engineering on evolving the support model for our services

Manages team’s operations, budget, and financials including annual operating planning, forecasting, contracts, and invoices.

Manages and oversees numerous vendor/customer and internal partner relationships.

Fosters a team culture focused on collaboration, communication, quality customer service, and efficiency.

Stay current on developments within the Identity and Access Management space and provide recommendations on ways to automate, improve user experience, and deliver our services more efficiently.

Promote and embrace our adoption of Agile Product Ownership processes as part of product development and delivery

Basic Qualifications

7+ years’ experience with enterprise technology service design, implementation, and management of both SaaS and on-premise products and platforms

5+ years of product management, project/program management, or product owner experience

3+ years’ experience managing larger, more complex and cross-functional department (AOP) or project budgets

Demonstrated success leading and developing technology teams

Experience applying and maintaining security and compliance requirements to enterprise IT platforms

Demonstrated success acting as a thought leader and solution partner

Required Education

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Administration, Cybersecurity or another degree in a related discipline

Agile product ownership or management training: CSPO or SAFe PO/PM

Show Less At EY, you’ll have the chance to build a career as unique as you are, with the global scale, support, inclusive culture and technology to become the best version of you. And we’re counting on your unique voice and perspective to help EY become even better, too. Join us and build an exceptional experience for yourself, and a better working world for all.


In a rapidly changing IT environment, clients from all industries look to us for trusted solutions for their increasingly complex risks and vulnerabilities. As a part of our Identity and Access Management (IAM) team you’ll be right at the heart of that goal, helping clients gain insight and context to their complex IAM environments and assessing, improving, and building infrastructure, processes and policies in order to meet the client’s IAM needs. You’ll get to use your technical and business skills in order to help us drive this mission and have an impact on cyber security at a global level.


The opportunity


We currently have a career opportunity for a Manager to be responsible for leading projects or elements of multiple client engagements including service delivery, business development, and related activities.


You’ll work alongside respected industry professionals, learning about and using the latest tools and techniques to identify and overcome some of the most relevant and pressing security issues in the world.


Your Key Responsibilities


Our IAM services assist our clients in aligning security management strategy with business goals by managing who has access to which resources and services, as well as enforcing business, privacy, and security policies. Supported by our strategic alliances with third-party vendors, our experienced professionals can provide broad services including: strategy, assessment, testing, and implementation of IAM solutions. Based on your existing experience, knowledge and ambitions, you could have the opportunity to gain experience across a number of our IAM teams, assessing and delivering foundational components of our services. Some of these teams include:


Within the Identity analytics & intelligence team, you’ll perform assessments in the following areas:

Current state assessments & Application access assessment

Capability maturity and benchmarking assessments

IAM data analytics


The IAM strategy team is all about developing IAM strategy and road map comprising of:

Operating model and governance

IAM policies, procedures and standards


On our Identity & access transformation team, you’ll provide clients with the following:

Design and architecture

Process design and re-engineering

Cloud and mobile apps access management

Access enforcement implementation

Access administration implementation

Elevated access management


Also you will help support the Identity and access governance team in:

IAM program management assistance & Privileged access management

Roles and rules management

SOD management and other IAM compliance related activities


Skills and Attributes for Success

Effectively lead and motivate client engagement teams and provide technical leadership in the assessment, design, and implementation of security and IT risk solutions

Foster an innovative and inclusive team-oriented work environment. Play an active role in counselling and mentoring junior consultants within the firm

Consistently deliver quality client services. Drive high-quality work products within expected timeframes and on budget. Monitor progress, manage risk and ensure key stakeholders are kept informed about progress and expected outcomes and assist with business development opportunities.

Use knowledge of the current IT environment and industry trends to identify engagement and client service issues, and communicate this information to the engagement team and client management through written correspondence and verbal presentations. Stay abreast of current business and industry trends relevant to the client's business


To qualify for the role you must have

A bachelor's degree in a related field and approximately 5 years of related work experience; or a graduate degree and approximately 4 years of related work experience

Experience in one or more of the following:

user provisioning and identity management solutions including design or implementation of user provisioning technologies (such as CA eTrust Admin, IBM Tivoli Identity Manager, Securonix, Saviynt);

role-based access control including design and development of user access roles;

directory services products including design or implementation (such as Radiant Logic)

web access control solutions including design and implementation of products (such as RSA Cleartrust, CA/Netegrity Siteminder); analysis of Segregation of Duties

An understanding of access control concepts including directory services, SAML, LDAP, PKI

Experience in process definition, workflow design, and process mapping

A valid driver's license in the US and a valid passport required; willingness and ability to travel internationally and a willingness to travel; travel is estimated at 60-80%


Ideally, you’d also have

Strong presentation and communication skills and ability to speak with director and VP levels

CISSP, CISM, CISA, CIPT, CIPM, CRISC or other relevant certification desired; non-certified hires are required to become certified within 1 year from the date of hire


What we look for

We’re interested in intellectually curious people with a genuine passion for cyber security. With your broad exposure across IAM, we’ll turn to you to speak up with innovative new ideas that could make a lasting difference not only to us – but also to the industry as a whole. If you have the confidence in both your presentation and technical abilities to grow into a leading expert here, this is the role for you.

What we offer


We offer a comprehensive compensation and benefits package where you’ll be rewarded based on your performance and recognized for the value you bring to the business. The salary range for this job in most geographic locations in the US is $66,900 to $152,700. The salary range for New York City Metro Area, Washington State and California (excluding Sacramento) is $80,300 to $173,500. Individual salaries within those ranges are determined through a wide variety of factors including but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills and geography. In addition, our Total Rewards package includes medical and dental coverage, pension and 401(k) plans, and a wide range of paid time off options. Under our flexible vacation policy, you’ll decide how much vacation time you need based on your own personal circumstances. You’ll also be granted time off for designated EY Paid Holidays, Winter/Summer breaks, Personal/Family Care, and other leaves of absence when needed to support your physical, financial, and emotional well-being.


Continuous learning: You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next.
Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.
Transformative leadership: We’ll give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs.
Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.


If you can demonstrate that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible.


The exceptional EY experience. It’s yours to build.


EY | Building a better working world


EY exists to build a better working world, helping to create long-term value for clients, people and society and build trust in the capital markets.


Enabled by data and technology, diverse EY teams in over 150 countries provide trust through assurance and help clients grow, transform and operate.


Working across assurance, consulting, law, strategy, tax and transactions, EY teams ask better questions to find new answers for the complex issues facing our world today.


EY is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer providing equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other legally protected basis, including arrest and conviction records, in accordance with applicable law.


EY is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. If you are a qualified individual with a disability and either need assistance applying online or need to request an accommodation during the interview process, please call 1-800-EY-HELP3, type Option 2 (HR-related inquiries) and then type Option 1 (HR Shared Services Center), which will route you to EY’s Talent Shared Services Team or email SSC Customer Support at ssc.customersupport@ey.com.

Show Less 
ReportAt Freddie Mac, you will do important work to build a better housing finance system and you‚Äôll be part of a team helping to make homeownership and rental housing more accessible and affordable across the nation.

Employees, contingent workers and visitors are no longer required to show proof of vaccination to be on-site. Effective January 2023, Freddie Mac‚Äôs hybrid work arrangement is 3 days in the office (specifically Tuesday, Wednesday & Thursday).

Position Overview:

Are you passionate about cybersecurity and technical risk? We can offer an exciting career opportunity that allows you to do rewarding work with the newest technologies, while growing your cybersecurity and risk management skillsets. Apply now and learn why there‚Äôs #MoreAtFreddieMac!

**This position can be performed from a Remote Location in the U.S. Must be within a 2-hr time zone differential from EST!**

Our Impact:

As part of Freddie Mac‚Äôs Enterprise Risk Management (ERM), the Information Risk Management Team provides 2nd Line of Defense oversight of the company‚Äôs Cybersecurity and Identity Access Management (IAM) efforts.

We are looking for a team member to support the development, validation and monitoring of cyber security capabilities.

Your Impact:

Cybersecurity

As a subject matter expert of the Cybersecurity risk domain, provide oversight and challenge function for the Information Security programs of the IT division and other lines of business

Review the Information Security operations to identify risks, evaluate effectiveness and completeness of the cybersecurity capabilities and report the findings for enhancement and opportunities

Enhance and mature Risk Management practices by supporting the development of enterprise-wide cybersecurity policies and standards

Provide oversight and advisory services to 1st line partners regarding the application of standard requirements across a wide variety of technologies to manage risk

Support the development and execution of controls to monitor cybersecurity compliance and drive organizational change

Develop effective and measurable metrics (KRI, KPI and KCI) to analyze data and proactively identify trends or new/emerging risks

Execute risk analytics and reporting

Provide advisory consultation to lines of businesses and make course of action recommendations to manage risk

Oversight

Effectively challenge our 1st line of defense technology teams while collaborating with the 3rd line of defense and internal 2nd line partners.

Collaborate with key risk areas, business partners, and IT counterparts to design action plans to address Cybersecurity and IAM risk

Autonomously lead program execution with documented project plans, expectations and schedule

Provide status reports, escalation and impediment resolution when needed

Support the Director in leading and managing the team; mentor and guide team members

Qualifications:

Bachelor‚Äôs Degree and 8+ year working in and/or auditing IT security areas such as penetration testing, operations, threat intelligence, monitoring, vulnerability management, identity access management, Keys and Certificate Management or security engineering in large enterprises.

Some industry leading Certifications preferred: CISSP, CISA, CRISC, CISM, CEH, and/or CIPT

Prior experience in Cybersecurity Operational Risk Management, supporting CISO in deployment and sustainment of cybersecurity capabilities, and previous big four experience preferred

Knowledge of cloud migration, security and access management experience preferred

Demonstrate proficiencies in above stated cybersecurity domains

Working knowledge of industry security standards and guidance such as NIST or ISO

Capable of working independently and with a collaborative team

Deliver effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills with strong attention to detail

Keys to Success in this Role:

Think broadly and analytically, developing solutions in an ambiguous and fast paced environment

Ability to understand and work with a diverse group of partners within all lines of defense

Demonstrable experience with IT, privacy data and management practices/processes

Self-motivated, pro-active and results oriented problem solver; able to prioritize without heavy supervision

Current Freddie Mac employees please apply through the internal career site.

Today, Freddie Mac makes home possible for one in four home borrowers and is one of the largest sources of financing for multifamily housing. Join our smart, creative and dedicated team and you‚Äôll do important work for the housing finance system and make a difference in the lives of others.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We will ensure that individuals with differing abilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Notice to External Search Firms: Freddie Mac partners with BountyJobs for contingency search business through outside firms. Resumes received outside the BountyJobs system will be considered unsolicited and Freddie Mac will not be obligated to pay a placement fee. If interested in learning more, please visit www.BountyJobs.com and register with our referral code: MAC.

Time-type:Full time

Job Category:Risk

FLSA Status:Exempt

Freddie Mac provides anticipated base salary ranges where required by law.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less Center 2 (19050), United States of America, McLean, Virginia

Senior Manager, Data Management and Privacy

The Enterprise Services Risk Office’s mission is to make it easy for business teams to deliver innovative and well-managed products and services to our customers (and to have fun while doing it). We are looking for critical thinkers who are ready to challenge conventional approaches in search of better ways to build processes and controls to manage critical Enterprise-wide risks.

As a member of the ES Risk team, you will lead critical risk work related to Enterprise facing data management and privacy initiatives. You will partner with compliance, legal, operations and line of business professionals to review and access data management and privacy risks, controls, and processes. You will help create routines, deliver reporting, and improve processes that enable us to stay well managed and evolve how we manage risk. You will understand business impacts of data related decisions and activities and develop appropriate controls to address. You will have a significant level of exposure across the Company and your contributions will directly impact our key data initiatives for Capital One and our customers.

Responsibilities:

Develop and enhance processes, tools, templates, and job aides related to data and privacy

Document and drive implementation of changes in process and controls necessary to ensure compliance and efficiency

Develop and leverage key relationships with stakeholders and facilitate collaboration across the enterprise

Prepare ongoing reporting for enterprise wide reports

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelors Degree or Military experience

At least 5 years of project or process management experience

Attention to detail and results focused

Ability to lean and and demonstrate critical thinking and problem solving skills

Ability to adapt to the changing circumstances of a fast paced technology company

Strong written and verbal communication skills

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience in a compliance, regulatory, audit, legal or risk team

Experience in controls development, controls management, and reporting activities

CIPP, Lean, Agile, Six Sigma, Business Process Management, or Project Management certification

At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.

The minimum and maximum full-time annual salaries for this role are listed below, by location. Please note that this salary information is solely for candidates hired to perform work within one of these locations, and refers to the amount Capital One is willing to pay at the time of this posting. Salaries for part-time roles will be prorated based upon the agreed upon number of hours to be regularly worked.

Location is New York City

$188,814 and $222,758 for Sr. Manager, Cyber Risk & Analysis

Candidates hired to work in other locations will be subject to the pay range associated with that location, and the actual annualized salary amount offered to any candidate at the time of hire will be reflected solely in the candidate’s offer letter.

No agencies please. Capital One is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City’s Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia’s Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.

If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com

Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.

Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportCenter 2 (19050), United States of America, McLean, Virginia

Manager, Data Loss Prevention (DLP) Manager (Remote-Eligible)

Capital One is hiring a technical Cyber Security professional to join the Data Loss Prevention (DLP) team and work with the line of business stakeholders building DLP policies based on ongoing regulatory requirements and analysis of user business processes and workflows.


Capital One is open to hiring a Remote Employee for this opportunity.


You will:

Help deliver on DLP program objectives, implement DLP controls, define standards and policies to protect Capital One

Work with DLP product team to influence/define product strategy, roadmaps

Assess, report on, and make recommendations regarding current and proposed architectures, strategies, and systems in the DLP space

Analyze business requirements and provide recommendations for tuning content detection rules to improve accuracy across multiple systems

Help develop secure system solutions to meet DLP program requirements

Analyze SaaS productivity tool workflows and design CASB controls

Create and maintain documentation related to DLP solutions; this may include conceptual, logical, and physical diagrams; new environment design documents; write ups on technical capabilities and solution configurations; etc.

Following up and working with internal IT teams to ensure solutions are built, deployed, and modified as necessary according to the projects

Be a key contributor to the DLP operations teams to deliver on day-to-day commitments.

Write playbooks for incident responders

Support audit responses and investigations

Track and report key performance indicators and metrics

Identify gaps in controls, processes, systems and recommend solutions

Lead team to apply technical skills to recommend, implement, support, improve, and operate information protection technologies

Provide subject matter expertise to management, business areas, and IT Teams as well as implement appropriate data loss prevention security controls and monitoring

Participate in various DLP audit, control testing and other processes


Basic Qualifications:

High School Diploma, GED or equivalent certification

At least 5 years of experience in Cyber Security

At least 2 year of experience developing and responding to DLP alerts

At least 2 year of experience with cyber policy management


Preferred Qualifications:

Bachelor‚Äôs Degree

One or more security related professional certifications

3+ years developing search queries for knowledge engineering, data classification, ediscovery or digital forensics projects

3 + years experience with scripting and writing SQL queries

1+ years of experience working with a Cloud Access Security Broker (CASB)


At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.

The minimum and maximum full-time annual salaries for this role are listed below, by location. Please note that this salary information is solely for candidates hired to perform work within one of these locations, and refers to the amount Capital One is willing to pay at the time of this posting. Salaries for part-time roles will be prorated based upon the agreed upon number of hours to be regularly worked.

Location is New York City

$190,950 and $225,278 for Manager, Cyber Technical

$156,596 and $184,748 for Prin Assoc, Cyber Technical

Location is Colorado

$178,000 and $210,000 for Manager, Cyber Technical

$146,005 and $172,253 for Prin Assoc, Cyber Technical

Candidates hired to work in other locations will be subject to the pay range associated with that location, and the actual annualized salary amount offered to any candidate at the time of hire will be reflected solely in the candidate‚Äôs offer letter.

No agencies please. Capital One is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City‚Äôs Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia‚Äôs Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.

If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com

Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.

Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less Center 2 (19050), United States of America, McLean, Virginia

Senior Manager, Cyber Product Management, Data Protection and DLP Solutions (Remote-Eligible)

Capital One is seeking a technical security solution/product leader to deliver game-changing cybersecurity solutions based on threat, data, and design thinking. At Capital One, we believe in the values of Excellence and Doing the Right Thing. We are a technology-oriented company delivering financial products to market through modern technology and constant innovation at a massive scale. Part of that innovation is leveraging technology to deliver the best cybersecurity solutions for the business.


As a candidate for this role, you‚Äôre able to seamlessly switch from executive-level risk conversations to diving deep into controls and technology to driving high level, strategic discussions around roadmaps, outcomes, and security solutions. You are naturally curious and stay on top of emerging trends and threats. You are not afraid to question any existing processes and solutions, yet you display a keen sense of business value proposition and focus on the right priorities. You are a clear thinker, thrive in working across teams, and an expert in dealing with ambiguity. You believe that a core component of security‚Äôs role is to enable the business, not just to secure it, and the solutions you bring to life are aligned to the needs of our developer community and business partners. You thrive in working in a fast paced, technologically forward leaning environment and are not afraid to push the boundaries of security capabilities.

Capital One is open to hiring a Remote Employee for this opportunity.


What you'll do...

Develop and communicate a risk-based and data-driven strategy and outcome-driven roadmap for enterprise security services and solutions, in partnership with engineering and operations partners, customers, and other stakeholders

Analyze and select alternatives based on threat, risk, desirability, feasibility, and viability

Advise executive decision makers based on business and technology risk grounded in threat

Maintain technical and risk credibility with your own team and with partners across the enterprise

Maintain close ties to developers across the company, ensuring the services we create meet their needs as products evolve

Iterate quickly and see the products through to production and scale

Establish product value propositions, metrics, and key indicators

Recruit, motivate, mentor, and lead talent to be their best

About You...

You have strong consulting and analytical skills

You have the ability to foster collaborative, open, working relationships with technology groups and other stakeholders, including vendor relationships

You have demonstrated clear communication skills and ability to interact effectively at all levels of an organization, and to influence senior management and executives (Including translating technical information based on specific audiences)

You have experience managing multiple high-visibility and high-impact enterprise cybersecurity projects with cross-functional teams while maintaining superior results including planning, development and management of technical requirements, design, testing and deployment of security solutions

You have passion and expertise in one or more of the following areas: cloud security, network security, product security, DevSecOps, application security, network security and exploitation, vulnerability management, data protection, DLP, host & endpoint security, detection & mitigation, threat intelligence & investigations, or identity & access management.

Basic Qualifications:


High School Diploma, GED or equivalent certification

At least 6 years experience in cybersecurity

At least 3 years of experience translating cybersecurity strategy and analysis into product/service requirements and key objectives


Preferred Qualifications:


Bachelor‚Äôs or an advanced degree in Computer Science or related discipline

5+ years of people leadership experience

3+ years experience in data protection and data loss prevention (DLP)

3+ years in public cloud security and multi-cloud environments

3+ years scaled agile product management experience

Experience in regulated financial services organizations

Professional certifications (e.g., CISSP, GIAC (various), CISM, CCSP, CISA, CRISC, SAFe Product Management, AWS Security, AWS Advanced Networking Specialty, AWS Solutions Architect)


At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.

The minimum and maximum full-time annual salaries for this role are listed below, by location. Please note that this salary information is solely for candidates hired to perform work within one of these locations, and refers to the amount Capital One is willing to pay at the time of this posting. Salaries for part-time roles will be prorated based upon the agreed upon number of hours to be regularly worked.

Location is New York City

$222,589 and $262,605 for Sr Manager, Cyber Technical

Location is Colorado

$207,504 and $244,808 for Sr Manager, Cyber Technical

Candidates hired to work in other locations will be subject to the pay range associated with that location, and the actual annualized salary amount offered to any candidate at the time of hire will be reflected solely in the candidate‚Äôs offer letter.

No agencies please. Capital One is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City‚Äôs Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia‚Äôs Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.

If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com

Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.

Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less Consumer, Business and Digital Banking – We work with our retail banking, business banking, consumer lending, mortgage and digital banking businesses to define far reaching technology strategies to evolve our customer experiences, to make us easier to business with and to deliver solutions that deliver real value. This includes all core consumer deposit, loan and payment processing and servicing platforms; all core channel systems for retail branches, ATMs and call centers; custom built online and mobile banking platforms; and mtb.com and marketing ecosystem capabilities.

Overview:
Lead a team of professionals to architect, implement, and operate the IAM strategy, inclusive of staying current on the latest identity management trends, understanding business requirements and opportunities for automation, self-service, and productivity gains, evaluating technologies to meet strategic goals, and instituting a continuous improvement model to mature the IAM program.
Primary Responsibilities:
Work with Restful APIs (including OpenAPI Documentation), SSO, SAML, OAuth2, JWT, OpenID Connect, MFA, RSA, Session Management, Role Based Access Controls, ACLs, SIEM and fundamental Cybersecurity Concepts
Manage CIAM capabilities (primarily Ping Suite of Products – PingOneMFA, Ping Directory, PingAccess, PingFederate, PingVerify, PingAuthorize etc.) both on-prem & Cloud infrastructure
Participate in developing and defining the vision, strategy, framework and roadmaps for enterprise customer identity and access management
Manage System Integrations including Event Driven Architectures
Manage technical deliverables for customer identity and access management capabilities including authentication, entitlements, identity validation, SSO, MFA, PAM, Privileged Access etc.
Reviews, develops, test, and implements security plans, products, and control techniques.
Serve as a people manager and mentor to IAM team members and help further develop CIAM delivery skills and capabilities and move the needle toward Zero Trust architecture, unified customer identity and unified enterprise logon.
Lead technical and business stakeholder conversations
Align CIAM processes & capabilities across different lines of business and channels and help develop standards for organizational use
Education and Experience Required:
Minimum of Associates’ degree and with 9 years’ technology or systems management/leadership experience, or in lieu of a degree, a combined minimum of 11 years’ higher education and/or work experience, including a minimum of 9 years’ technology or systems management/leadership experience
Education and Experience Preferred:
Bachelor’s degree
Minimum of 12 years’ technology management or large program leadership experience
#LI-KB1
Location
Buffalo, New York, United States of America
Show Less Dana-Farber is seeking an inaugural Vice President for Business and Technology Transformation, who will serve as the executive director and principal client executive for DFCI's ERP project over the next few years, with an ongoing role after that as a strategist, trusted advisor and expert on administrative innovation, infrastructure, and investment.

The overall objective of the VP is to strengthen and modernize DFCI’s administrative services to advance its missions of patient care and research, and to better serve its growing, diverse workforce of approximately 12,000 with a range of abilities. The VP will report to DFCI’s Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (EVP/COO) and will be accountable to the EVP/COO and the project’s Executive Sponsors for the overall progress and success of the project. The VP will serve as the primary client executive representing Dana-Farber’s interests and objectives, and managing relationships and services provided by the software provider, the implementation partner, and Dana-Farber Information Systems.

The VP will oversee the work of DFCI staff on the project as they develop and implement cross functional system-based accessible solutions, prepare DFCI for new systems and processes, and manage post-implementation stabilization and adoption. The VP will ensure coordination and collaboration throughout the project, and proper consideration/integration of perspectives from other administrative functions, research, and clinical operations.

Located in Boston and the surrounding communities, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute is a leader in life changing breakthroughs in cancer research and patient care. We are united in our mission of conquering cancer, HIV/AIDS and related diseases. We strive to create an inclusive, diverse, and equitable environment where we provide compassionate and comprehensive care to patients of all backgrounds, and design programs to promote public health particularly among high-risk and underserved populations. We conduct groundbreaking research that advances treatment, we educate tomorrow's physician/researchers, and we work with amazing partners, including other Harvard Medical School-affiliated hospitals.

This position will require significant work to be performed in-person, onsite on our Boston campus in the Longwood Medical Area and Brookline. Some work may be performed remotely in a state where DFCI operates (Massachussettes, Maine, New Hamphire, Vermont, Rhode Island and Connecticut).


The VP will ensure that each of the DFCI teams works cross-functionally and in partnership with the implementation partner and the software provider on:
business needs and requirements definition.
system and process solution design and configuration.
data definitions, clean-up, and conversion.
development of operational and management reporting needed on Day 1.
integrations with systems outside of the project’s scope.
testing, training, documentation.
user and employee support platforms, processes, and content.
granting and maintaining systems access.
system administration and configuration.
go-live readiness and deployment.
an ITSM framework, platform and assigned staffing to provide user support at multiple tiers once live.
on-going system administration and configuration.

2. “Stand up” and run an effective Project Management Office that spans across DFCI and participating partners and providers.

With these groups, devise and communicate a master project plan that is realistic, clear, adequately scoped and estimated, and that recognizes dependencies, sequencing, and timing. Closely monitor the project plan and budget. Regularly communicate the plan and periodic status to project participants and stakeholders.
Drive agreement on the project management methodology, practices and platforms that will be used to keep the project on-track. Ensure there are strong practices to gather and communicate status, remove obstacles, and accelerate work on the critical path. Drive the resolution of problems and take responsibility for decision-making (with input as needed from the EVP/COO and executive sponsors) about tradeoffs that are in the best, long-term interests of DFCI.

3. Build, develop and lead a talented, diverse team with a healthy culture that is psychologically safe, highly engaged, and productive. Develop and grow the DFCI team members through on-the-job experience, relationships, and formal learning.

4. Set up structures and ensure consistent practices to appropriately engage and inform DFCI leadership, business owners and functional stakeholders, and end user groups.

Bachelor's Degree
Ten years of experience leading implementations of ERP systems in large, complex organizations.


Strongly Preferred Qualifications


Leadership experience and presence, along with the ability to act as an expert partner and trusted, high-integrity advisor/influencer to DFCI leadership. Experience as a client executive and project director, orchestrating the efforts of internal personnel, as well as external implementation partners, software providers, and technical service providers, is strongly preferred.
Knowledge and demonstrated experience in administration and leadership in large, complex enterprises is preferred - ideally in the health care, higher education, research, biotech/pharma, or non-profit sectors, or in commercial or consulting organizations that serve these sectors.
Deep expertise in information technology strategy and operations, business transformation initiatives, change management and organizational readiness, and Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software implementation is needed. Knowledge of IT program/project management principles and practices and understanding of tenant vs. provider responsibilities in a SAAS (software as a service) model desired.
Very strong analytical, conceptual, communications and project management skills will be needed to:
Monitor and clearly communicate progress and accomplishments along with delays, risks, and obstacles.
Frame issues and options for executive decision-making and direction.
Persuasively inform and motivate change and cooperation with a wide range of stakeholders. This will include public speaking skills and comfort presenting to large groups.
Bridge gaps and divides, and mediate differences and disagreements, between individuals, teams, functions, and partnering/provider organizations.
Balance the need for change, innovation, and improvement with the need to avoid unnecessarily de-stabilizing or disrupting the organization.

Please submit a resume and cover letter detailing your related experiences and background as they apply to the Job Responsibilities and Qualifications named for the position. Please highlight your experience with:




Administration and leadership in relevant industries (or serving customers and clients in these sectors)
Business transformation initiatives
- Project- and change management

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software implementation
Oracle, PeopleSoft and/or Workday implementation experience


At Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, we work every day to create an innovative, caring, and inclusive environment where every patient, family, and staff member feels they belong. As relentless as we are in our mission to reduce the burden of cancer for all, we are equally committed to diversifying our faculty and staff. Cancer knows no boundaries and when it comes to hiring the most dedicated and diverse professionals, neither do we. If working in this kind of organization inspires you, we encourage you to apply.

Dana-Farber Cancer Institute is an equal opportunity employer and affirms the right of every qualified applicant to receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, national origin, sexual orientation, genetic information, disability, age, ancestry, military service, protected veteran status, or other groups as protected by law.

#LI-SJ1

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportDay to Day:

· Our client, a human centered emerging technology and analytics company focusing on federal solutions is looking to hire an ICAM Technical Project Manager to their team. This position will support leadership of federal agencies in developing solutions and providing services focused on solving complex and high-profile national security issues. We are seeking a senior resource to lead a team developing full-stack applications and performing technical research on emerging technologies. This position is expected to be almost fully remote, some in person meetings may be required in Tysons or Reston, VA. Responsibilities are below:

Serves as technical advisor for clients, providing industry insight, technology trends, best practices, and solution concepts directly related to their mission needs.
Documents and presents technical and project briefs for clients, managers, and other stakeholders.
Oversees application development team and initiatives under the guidance of the CTO.
Responsible for quality and timelines of team deliverables.
Manages the development and delivery of multiple projects, ranging from rapid prototyping to production delivery.
Provides technical leadership during systems design and architecture phases of the projects.
Implements and manages software development best practices: Agile Scrum/Kanban, DevOps/DevSecOps.
COVID Vaccination

Must Haves:

· Bachelor’s degree

· 8+ years of project management experience

o Must be technical development projects supporting the federal government

· Detailed and proven expirence executing on project related to upgrading and developing systems for Identidty, Credentials, and Access Management (ICAM)

· Currently possesses a security clearance

Pluses:

· IMS experience

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $135,000.00 - $145,000.00 per year

Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Do you have the ability to obtain a public trust clearance?
Do you live in commutable distance to the Northern, VA area?

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Technical Project Management: 7 years (Preferred)
Identity & access management: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Apply Now: click Easy Apply

Show Less 
ReportDescription

There’s never been a more exciting time to join United Airlines. We’re on a path towards becoming the best airline in the history of aviation. Our shared purpose – Connecting People, Uniting the World – is about more than getting people from one place to another. It also means that as a global company that operates in hundreds of locations around the world with millions of customers and tens of thousands of employees, we have a unique responsibility to uplift and provide opportunities in the places where we work, live and fly, and we can only do that with a truly diverse and inclusive workforce. And we’re growing – in the years ahead, we’ll hire tens of thousands of people across every area of the airline.

Our careers include competitive benefits package aimed at keeping you happy, healthy and well-traveled. From employee-run "Business Resource Group" communities to world-class benefits like parental leave, 401k and privileges like space available travel, United is truly a one-of-a-kind place to work. Are you ready to travel the world?

We believe that inclusion propels innovation and is the foundation of all that we do. United's Digital Technology team spans the globe and is made up of diverse individuals all working together with cutting-edge technology to build the best airline in the history of aviation. Our team designs, develops and maintains massively scaling technology solutions brought to life with innovative architectures, data analytics, and digital solutions.

Key Responsibilities:

The Senior Manager– Identity and Access Management is a technical leader responsible for implementing transformative capabilities for our workforce and enterprise Identity and Access Management (IAM). You will engage with many teams across the airline implement a best-in-class identity solutions that secure, improve and enrich our employee experience and digital assets. The Sr. Manager of Identity and Access Management has main responsibility for the management and operation of United’s IAM processes and tools.

Contribute to and implement the Identity and Access Management (IAM) vision and roadmap.
Implement IAM program management, governance, and lead technical teams to ensure alignment with strategy and vision.
Ensure IAM solutions are meeting security and business objectives and outcomes by establishing metrics that lead to actions for improvement
Continuously improve and innovate our IAM capabilities to drive value, enhance our employee experience and secure our digital assets.

United values diverse experiences, perspectives, and we encourage everyone who meets the minimum qualifications to apply. While having the “desired” qualifications make for a stronger candidate, we encourage applicants who may not feel they check ALL of those boxes! We are always looking for individuals who will bring something new to the table!

Qualifications



Required:

Minimum of 5 years in Identity and Access Management technologies, processes, and capabilities
Minimum of 3 years leadership experience leading and coaching teams/people to their highest potential
Developed/implemented roadmaps Identity and Access Management (IAM) capabilities and led multi-functional execution to drive initiatives to completion
Deep understanding of IAM technologies, controls, and standard methodologies (LDAP, directories, certificates, SAML/OAUTH, MFA, Adaptive Authentication, PKI, IGA, and MDM)
Working knowledge of IAM principles in cloud first environment.
Understanding of PCI, SOX, HIPAA, EU-GDPR regulations and for IAM
Know how to influence technology teams to deliver a frictionless employee identity experience
Experience influencing teams and partners without direct authority over them
Coached individuals & leaders at multiple levels able to demonstrate tangible results
Achieved objectives by contributing information and recommendations to strategic plans, identifying trends and driving changes
Built relationships with partners across all levels and departments
Superb communication skills at all levels of organization

United Airlines is an equal opportunity employer. United Airlines recruits, employs, trains, compensates and promotes regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, physical ability, age, veteran status and other protected status as required by applicable law. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform crucial job functions. Please contact JobAccommodations@united.com to request accommodation.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less Do you want to make a meaningful difference in the quality of healthcare? Omnicell is empowering health systems and pharmacies to radically transform the way they manage medications, so they can achieve the vision of the Autonomous Pharmacy. Thousands of hospitals, pharmacies, skilled nursing facilities and care homes trust Omnicell to provide continuous innovation. They need us to deliver solutions to meet the ever-evolving challenges of the healthcare landscape. We encourage creative problem solving and outside-the-box thinking that only a diverse, well-rounded workforce can bring.

Join us as we build on our powerful combination of advanced automation, predictive intelligence, and expert services to create a safer future for patients—one where medication errors are a thing of the past. You’ll be joining an organization whose culture encourages individual development, rewards intellectual curiosity, and embraces an inclusive environment. Join our growing company and help shape the future at Omnicell!

Vice-President of Product, EnlivenHealth

EnlivenHealth™ is looking for talented people who are excited to work in a dynamic fast-growing environment and believes in our core values.

Passionate Transformer
Relationships Matter
Intellectually Curious
Mission Driven
Entrepreneurial
Do the Right Thing

The VP of Product plays a critical leadership role within the EnlivenHealth business unit. The VP will architect and drive the vision for the product portfolio to ensure the division is prioritizing accurately. This role will shape the future success of EnlivenHealth’s portfolio of products. The role includes product management of the full Enliven portfolio through all phases of product lifecycle. This includes our emerging Health Plan business vertical, critical to the role is an informed executive in the Health plan space to help define future innovation. A keen understanding of the Medicare universe and measures to properly weigh priorities against possible Medicare reimbursement strategies. As product leader, working closely with colleagues in marketing and business development is key in expanding the total addressable market for the portfolio through understanding of broader market and segment needs.

The VP of Product Management will monitor and report on overall product performance, working collaboratively to ensure performance meets objectives. This role will define the product roadmap in collaboration with sales, marketing, operations, service, engineering, and other teams, ensure timely delivery of products to market, and meet customer and market needs, as well as internal, cross-functional needs and cost targets. Additionally, this role must effectively communicate and collaborate with R&D to maximize resources and manage technical backlog.

Responsibilities include:

Managing product scorecards and quarterly business reviews to govern the performance of the product family and individual products relative to plan and product objectives
Developing a comprehensive multi-year & generational business and product plan for the product family, focusing on expanding market segments, and addressing new market needs
Understanding the market, customer and competitive environment and competitive pricing strategies
Collaborating with other key leaders and teams across the organization
Leading cross-functional core teams to plan and develop products from concept through end of life
Leading dedicated Product Owners to ensure that projects are tracking to schedule, budget, and time commitments. Work with the Product owners and other business unit leads to optimize resources across the product family as needed

Required Knowledge and Skills:

Ability to define and drive a product and portfolio strategy, thinking in out of the box ways to define whether there are new opportunities for products in existing and/or new segments
Ability to think strategically and translate strategy into product plans and programs
Ability to drive tactically, always maintaining a big picture view of your product family and its performance
Excellent communications skills: written, verbal, group presentations
Flexibility to partner and negotiate with colleagues, customers, and vendors at all levels within and outside the organization
Effective leadership skills and ability to listen, communicate and motivate teams to achieve results
Ability to guide and mentor colleagues for effective decision-making and leadership abilities
Possess positive attitude and creativity in generating solutions
Growth mindset; comfortable in a fast paced, fast changing and evolving environment
Process driven with B2B experience.

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree
10+ Years of experience in Product Management and Development services including SAAS based products.
Demonstrable experience managing mature and emerging products and product families
Demonstrable experience in high growth, mid-market companies, driving overall product growth and performance

Preferred Qualifications:

Broader experience in other disciplines helpful including strategy, marketing, operations
Knowledge of Agile principles
Familiarity with retail pharmacy and/or health plans

Work Conditions:

50% travel




To protect our employees, partners, and customers, Omnicell requires most U.S. employees to either be fully vaccinated for COVID-19 or obtain approval from Omnicell for an exemption and accommodationfor a medical condition or a sincerely-held religious belief or practice.

Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.

Omnicell will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less Do you want your voice heard and your actions to count?

Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world. Across the globe, we’re 180,000 colleagues, striving to make a difference for every client, organization, and community we serve. We stand for our values, building long-term relationships, serving society, and fostering shared and sustainable growth for a better world.

With a vision to be the world’s most trusted financial group, it’s part of our culture to put people first, listen to new and diverse ideas and collaborate toward greater innovation, speed and agility. This means investing in talent, technologies, and tools that empower you to own your career.

Join MUFG, where being inspired is expected and making a meaningful impact is rewarded.

This is a remote position. A member of our recruitment team will discuss location preferences with you in more detail.

Summary:

In this role you will develop and deliver a comprehensive data & analytics strategy. You will implement long-term and short-term strategies for data aggregation and reporting solutions. You will utilize the Metrics Factory to drive analytical deliverables - ideation, data mining and complex data analysis, and present a business story with your recommended actions to leaders key stakeholders. You will also proactively build relationships and interact with peers and leaders to ensure business needs are heard and understood.

Job Description:

Streamline and automate processes to ensure data lineage, consistency, integrity, and transparency

Lead all aspects of requirements analysis, traceability, and testing for enhancements and projects that are small, medium, or large in size and/or complexity, while supporting those functions for large cross-functional or enterprise-wide initiatives

Perform day-to-day operational support; may mentor other analysts

Participate in the design and delivery of solutions that support the fundamental data and governance process

Handle multiple simultaneous data and reporting projects

Understand and translate business needs into data models supporting long-term solutions

Work with application developers to implement data strategies, build data flows, and develop conceptual data models

Create logical and physical data models using best practices to ensure high data quality and reduced redundancy

Optimize and update logical and physical data models to support new and existing projects

Maintain conceptual, logical, and physical data models along with corresponding metadata

Develop best practices for standard naming conventions and coding practices to ensure consistency of data models

Recommend opportunities for reuse of data models in new environments

Perform reverse engineering of physical data models from databases and SQL scripts

Evaluate data models and physical databases for variances and discrepancies

Validate business data objects for accuracy and completeness

Analyze data-related system integration challenges and propose appropriate solutions

Develop data models according to company standards

Advise colleagues and stakeholders on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements, and interfaces

Review modifications to existing software to improve efficiency and performance

Examine new application design and recommend corrections if required

Qualifications:

Undergraduate degree or equivalent experience

6-8 years' work experience doing quantitative analysis

8-10+ years’ experience in business intelligence, data modeling, data analytics or related discipline

Ability to champion process improvements

Expert knowledge in all business processes across an entire line of business, as well expertise in other lines of business and technology disciplines

Experience working with high-performing teams in complex program execution

Strong understanding of waterfall and agile methods, stakeholder management, budget management, risk management, and operations

Ability to create and maintain relationships with a wide range of stakeholders

Strong project management experience within technology organization

Hands on project and program management experience; track record of project go live implementations

Technology infrastructure or application development experience

Extensive knowledge of data model theory, database design, structured query language (SQL), and related data warehousing practices

Use of other data modeling tools will be considered with the core skill set: advanced SQL, Python (descriptive / predictive models), and Tableau Viz


Preferred:

Financial Institution and Technology industry experience

Experience with Cognos and Tableau and their respective consumption of data

Experience in Cyber Security analytics and reporting

Experience with Identity and Access Management

The typical base pay range for this role is between $125K – $150K depending on job-related knowledge, skills, experience and location. This role may also be eligible for certain discretionary performance-based bonus and/or incentive compensation. Additionally, our Total Rewards program provides colleagues with a competitive benefits package (in accordance with the eligibility requirements and respective terms of each) that includes comprehensive health and wellness benefits, retirement plans, educational assistance and training programs, income replacement for qualified employees with disabilities, paid maternity and parental bonding leave, and paid vacation, sick days, and holidays.

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, gender expression, gender identity, sex, age, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran and military status, disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, genetic information, or any other status of an individual or that individual’s associates or relatives that is protected under applicable federal, state, or local law.

#LI-Remote

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportERP Project Manager (HRM/Payroll) - 100% Remote-US Based

Position Description
We are seeking an ERP Project Manager (HRM/Payroll) - 100% Remote-US Based to join our CGI team!

You will work with client management and project teams to drive project initiation, planning, execution, monitoring/controlling, and closure. Will be responsible for risk and issue mitigation and providing project status to client and CGI management.

Manage multiple projects across different platforms and different client constituents; lead technical and strategic direction; and collaborate with a cross-discipline team of clients, business analysts and management to design innovative solutions for our clients. In addition, drive discussions with clients to identify opportunities to provide innovative solutions to their business challenges.

This career opportunity is a significant position that involves working with clients and other colleagues with CGI and partners by designing and implementing solutions in a sophisticated, highly multifaceted environment.

Your future duties and responsibilities
Strong analytical thinking with excellent client-facing oral and written communication skills that will be applied to help understand, document, assess, recommend, and implement approaches to help our state and local government and education clients successfully implement new, modern systems to improve their business processes.

Opportunity to bring to bear existing and expand upon subject matter expertise.

Required qualifications to be successful in this role
Implementation experience with ERP systems, specifically with CGI Advantage (preferred).

Implementation knowledge of CGI Advantage includes configuration, setup (e.g., chart of accounts, budget, event types, pay events etc.) to help government clients get the most out of their ERP system.

Understanding of IT technologies as enablers for helping our clients leverage those technologies to improve their decision making (e.g., data analytics) and their business processes (e.g., using ERP and other solutions to improve productivity and efficiency).

Years of Experience:

ERP HRM/Payroll - 5-10 years

ERP Financial - 1-2 years

Project Management - 3-5 years

Agile - 3-5 years

Minimum Education Required: Bachelor's degree

"CGI is required by law in some jurisdictions to include a reasonable estimate of the compensation range for this role. The determination of this range includes various factors not limited to: skill set level; experience and training; and licensure and certifications. CGI typically does not hire individuals at or near the top of the range for their role. Compensation decisions are dependent on the facts and circumstances of each case. A reasonable estimate of the current range is $84,000 - $209,200."

At CGI we call our professionals "members" to reinforce that all who join our team are, as owners, empowered to participate in the challenges and rewards that come from building a world-class company. CGI's benefits include:

Competitive base salaries
Eligibility to participate in an attractive Share Purchase Plan (SPP) in which the company matches dollar-for-dollar contributions made by eligible employees, up to a maximum, for their job category
401(k) Plan and Profit Participation for eligible members
Generous holidays, vacation, and sick leave plans
Comprehensive insurance plans that include, among other benefits, medical, dental, vision, life, disability, out-of-county emergency coverage in all countries of employment;
Back-up childcare, Pet insurance, a Member Assistance Program, a 529 college savings program, a personal financial management tool, lifestyle management programs and more

Insights you can act on

While technology is at the heart of our clients' digital transformation, we understand that people are at the heart of business success.

When you join CGI, you become a trusted advisor, collaborating with colleagues and clients to bring forward actionable insights that deliver meaningful and sustainable outcomes. We call our employees "members" because they are CGI shareholders and owners and owners who enjoy working and growing together to build a company we are proud of. This has been our Dream since 1976, and it has brought us to where we are today - one of the world's largest independent providers of IT and business consulting services.

At CGI, we recognize the richness that diversity brings. We strive to create a work culture where all belong and collaborate with clients in building more inclusive communities. As an equal-opportunity employer, we want to empower all our members to succeed and grow. If you require an accommodation at any point during the recruitment process, please let us know. We will be happy to assist.

Ready to become part of our success story? Join CGI - where your ideas and actions make a difference.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, sex, religion, creed, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, pregnancy, medical condition, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, and gender expression, familial status, political affiliation, genetic information, or any other legally protected status or characteristics.

CGI provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the U.S., please email the CGI U.S. Employment Compliance mailbox at US_Employment_Compliance@cgi.com . You will need to reference the requisition number of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you. Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a requisition number will not be returned.

We make it easy to translate military experience and skills! Click here to be directed to our site that is dedicated to veterans and transitioning service members.

All CGI offers of employment in the U.S. are contingent upon the ability to successfully complete a background investigation. Background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and/or level of US government security clearance held. CGI will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrests and conviction records in accordance with all local regulations and ordinances.

CGI will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with CGI's legal duty to furnish information.

Skills
Enterprise Resource Planning
Human Resources
Payroll
Project Management

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportExperience

Minimum of 6 years of consumer digital work experience, and minimum of 4yrs in a product management capacity. Needs to have experience working in cross functional teams and geographies. Needs to have developed owned digital experiences and products with clear consumer value proposition and tangible return on investment. Needs to have an agile and entrepreneurship mindset.

Work Focus

Reporting to the Sr. Director, Global Digital Product, you will be a part of the product team helping to determine our roadmap and ship value to our consumers.
Quickly work out what the next best opportunity is, tell a clear story as to why and then empower your team to execute on it.
Be the product lead within a cross-functional squad working alongside leadership, engineering, design, and marketing partners. Coordinates product strategies and delivery with other product owners to deliver complete set of capabilities
Responsible for leading core product processes for their squad(s). Developing digital product roadmap, epics & user stories and manages backlog prioritization and grooming along with flag-ging issues and helping resolve blockers.
Be the voice of our active community inside our organization.
Be accountable for setting and delivering against ambitious product goals, success metrics & KPIs aligned to our vision and strategy with your team.
Ruthlessly prioritize and clearly communicate what your squad is working on and why.
Work with teams to understand landscape, consumer journey, business outcomes all which feed into the product strategy, epics and story development.
Industry Research & Benchmarking – define product opportunities & trends

Mastery of (required)

Broad expertise in (good to have)
Digital product management
Digital experience design
Agile scrum methodology
Digital operation
Sit, uat and devops methodology and tools
Data engineering
Stakeholder management

Sample Product Domains

 Design System Product Owner (UX, UI and Style Guides)

 New Digital Experience Product Managers

Promotional services engine

 CRM (email & social integration) Product Manager

 Web/App Experience Tagging & Analytics Reporting

Consumer Access Management & Consumer Identity

 QR code management to an Experience Hub (ie, DSE but also others)

We are an equal-opportunity employer. It is our policy to provide employment, compensation, and other benefits related to employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender, national or ethnic origin, disability, veteran status, age, genetic information, citizenship, or any other basis prohibited by applicable federal, state or local law.

Job Types: Contract, Full-time

Salary: $52.00 per hour

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Are you comfortable working for 12+ months contract position?
Do you have experience with IT, UAT and DEVOPS methodologies and tools?

Work Location: Remote

Show Less 
ReportFor more than 20 years, PointClickCare has been the backbone of senior care. We’ve amassed the richest senior care dataset making our market density untouchable and our connections to the healthcare ecosystem exponentially more powerful than those of any other platform.

With Collective Medical & Audacious Inquiry, we’ve become the most expansive, full-continuum care collaboration network, offering care teams immediate, point-of-care access to deep, real-time insights at every stage of a patient’s journey.

For more information on PointClickCare, please connect with us on Glassdoor and LinkedIn.

The Vice President, Product Management – Acute & Payer reports to the Chief Product Officer and is responsible for the vision, execution, and overall success of PointClickCare's Acute & Payer portfolio of offerings and product strategy.
This includes being responsible for the overall vision, definition, and delivery of the Acute & Payer strategy – including all Products and supported strategies that support our Care Collaboration business sold to Providers, Health Plans, Risk Bearing Entities, and other related network members.
The VP will lead a team and closely collaborate across the organization, overseeing strategy solutions with the goal of increasing the profitability of existing products and introducing and developing new products to increase market share and deliver additional profit potential.
The VP, Product Management will interact with various people across the organization to drive the success of their products and strategies, and represent Product as part of the A&P Business Unit leadership. This includes, but is not limited to, Executive Leadership, Market Development, Engineering, Data Science, Marketing and Sales. The VP will also be expected to coach, manage, and grow a team of Product Managers, Technical Managers, and Subject Matter Experts as well as being an active member of the Product Leadership team.
Key Responsibilities:
Successfully lead the entire Acute & Payer Product team and associated product line from strategic planning to tactical activities
Define the key value proposition and positioning for products within the product line
Understanding, prioritizing and communicating product priorities in terms of business value to customers as well as internally to PointClickCare
Developing and implementing a company-wide commercialization and launch plan for the products within their product line, working with all departments to execute
Driving and coordinating complex product priorities in a fast-paced environment with intra-team and inter-team dependencies
Successfully plan and lead new product launches from inception to post-launch activities
Partnering with the Market and Segment Leaders, Product Leadership and other GTM Leadership functions to create the roadmap, set priorities and drive the vision across assigned portfolio areas.
Working with Engineering and Business Analysts to define product release requirements and ensure the successful release of enhancements and new products
Working with Marketing to define go-to-market strategy, partnering with them on product positioning and pricing strategies and execution
Collaborating with Marketing to create customer-facing documentation and presentations, ensuring sales teams have the messaging, tools and support to sell and compete effectively
Managing Product Managers, Program Managers, and/or Product Specialists within their product line including hiring, mentoring, motivating and managing the performance of their team members
Represent Product withing the Acute & Payer business unit Leadership team.
Actively engage with customers, prospects, and other stakeholders outside of the company,
Leading "build versus buy versus partner" analyses for new offerings or markets for their product line
Required Experience:
Proven track record of managing products, innovation, and a general curiosity and drive for building great products.
Comes to work every day with a “Can-Do” attitude, passion for our customers/industry, and a genuine drive to “Get Stuff Done”
10+ years of Software Product Management and/or Healthcare Data experience
Strong Product or Market experience in selling to or partnering with Health Plans strongly preferred.
Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology Business or related degree
History of success in growing new and existing product lines
Strong preference for experience with healthcare Data solutions: Including working with Health Plans, Accountable Care Organizations, and Long-Term Post-Acute providers amongst others.
Experience in Advanced Data technologies.
Prior experience in managing several enterprise software products through the entire lifecycle - from initial requirements gathering through product release and rollout
Experience managing and mentoring a product team
Solid understanding of Agile practices
SaaS or cloud software experience

#LI-REMOTE
It is the policy of PointClickCare to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, religion, national origin, status, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law. PointClickCare welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. Please contact recruitment@pointclickcare.com should you require any accommodations.

When you apply for a position, your information is processed and stored with Lever, in accordance with Lever’s Privacy Policy. We use this information to evaluate your candidacy for the posted position. We also store this information, and may use it in relation to future positions to which you apply, or which we believe may be relevant to you given your background. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your information, we will either delete or anonymize it. If you have any questions about how PointClickCare uses or processes your information, or if you would like to ask to access, correct, or delete your information, please contact PointClickCare’s human resources team: recruitment@pointclickcare.com

PointClickCare is committed to Information Security. By applying to this position, if hired, you commit to following our information security policies and procedures and making every effort to secure confidential and/or sensitive information.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportFounded by The Allstate Corporation in 2016, Arity is a data and analytics company focused on improving transportation. We collect and analyze enormous amounts of data, using predictive analytics to build solutions with a single goal in mind: to make transportation smarter, safer and more useful for everyone.

At the heart of that mission are the people that work here—the dreamers, doers and difference-makers that call this place home. As part of that team, your work will showcase both your intelligence and your creativity as you tackle real problems and put your talents towards transforming transportation.

That’s because at Arity, we believe work and life shouldn’t be at odds with one another. After all, we know that your unique qualities give you a unique perspective. We don’t just want you to see yourself here. We want you to be yourself here.

Job Summary:
Looking to join an innovative Product team with a vision to build the future of transportation? We're seeking a motivated Associate Product Manager to assist us in managing the development and support of the core of our mobile technology. The right candidate will build strong relationships with internal and external stakeholders, ensuring customer needs are addressed while maintaining expectations related to product lifecycle. You'll work closely with engineering, analytics, and technology staff to define and deliver world class mobile products, gathering and prioritizing product requirements, as well as assisting in defining the product roadmap and vision. Key Responsibilities:
⦁ Collaborate with senior product managers and a multi-disciplinary scrum team to deliver on an ambitious set of objectives.
⦁ Help determine improvements to product features.
⦁ Create effective and actionable user stories with a clear definition of done as part of managing a product backlog.
⦁ Identify and track product success metrics that can be used to influence roadmap decisions.
⦁ Analyze product data and statistics and help translate into decisions.
⦁ Coordinate findings with the product team and align them with business goals.
⦁ Help train internal departments on new product features and provide support to customers as needed.
⦁ Develop efficient customer communication, documentation, and feedback channels. Education and Experience:
⦁ Bachelor's degree in business management, marketing, computer science or a related field.
⦁ 1-2 years of experience in a similar role.
⦁ Experience in gathering and interpreting qualitative data and consumer feedback.
⦁ Ability to analyze industry trends and competitor behavior.
⦁ Experience managing projects, timelines, and deliverables.
⦁ Proven communication skills.
Compensation offered for this role is $67,300.00-$113,875.00 per year and is based on experience and qualifications.

The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen.
That’s the day-to-day, now let’s talk about the rest of it. As we mentioned, Arity was founded by The Allstate Corporation. But you’ll be working for—and at—Arity. It’s the best of both worlds. You’ll get access to the full suite of Allstate benefits and work in a fast-paced startup culture. That’s more than just free breakfasts and brain breaks. It’s a culture that encourages you to be you.
Sound like a fit? Apply now! We can’t wait to meet you.
Arity.com Instagram Twitter LinkedIn
Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.
Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.

For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

To view the “EEO is the Law” poster click “ here ”. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs
To view the FMLA poster, click “ here ”. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint.
It is the Company’s policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employee’s ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race (include traits historically associated with race, including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment
Show Less Great FTE Opportunity!!!!!

SUMMARY OF POSITION:

The Identity Access Management (IAM) Team Lead will be a key position for our client’s developing IAM effort whose duties are focused on the successful coordination of day-to-day team activities. Responsibilities are multifaceted but are primarily focused on working with and assisting the IAM Security Analysts to conduct user provisioning as well as user access reviews on those applications overseen by the IAM team. This position will be responsible for new hire training and will ensure consistency across all aspects of IAM practices by overseeing and maintaining team documentation, including team processes, application knowledgebases, and the team intranet site, among other things. To ensure uniformity, the Team Lead will also conduct regular quality control (QC) efforts of the IAM team’s efforts and document deficiencies along with identifying training opportunities to reduce rework or to correct problems. The Team Lead will be expected to monitor the IAM ServiceNow ticket queue and coordinate efforts on the team to meet capacity demands as well as to possibly backfill in times of need. Additionally, the Team Lead will work to track team service level agreements (SLAs) as well as work with the Director of Identity Access Management to determine and develop new metrics to better measure and inform our client's management on the IAM team’s efforts. As our client operates in the heavily regulated financial industry, the Team Lead will assist the Director of Identity Access Management with regular audit and examination requests, including evidence gathering and meeting attendance. The Team Lead will also act as a liaison between the IAM team and the rest of IT/Operations management to help coordinate efforts to expand the IAM team’s responsibilities over provisioning and user access reviews. Application training will be encouraged for this role to help assist the IAM team with a better understanding of the geography of the many applications run and to identify opportunities for improvement for the organization. IAM conference-focused attendance will be expected as The Team Lead will work closely with the Director if Identity Access Management to help support the development and implementation of our client’s growing IAM Program

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:

· Coordinate day-today team efforts around user provisioning and access reviews

· Oversee IAM training efforts for new hires to ensure consistency

· Maintain and expand a knowledge base of IAM documentation for internal and external sources

· Perform QC and monitor SLAs for the IAM team to ensure a commitment to risk reduction

· Audit and examination point person to assist with evidence gathering requests

· Strategic thinker with a tactical mind to assist management with the development of a well-rounded IAM program

· Assist other team members as needed to ensure delivery of distinctive service.

· Support project initiatives as might be required for the IAM team

· Provide distinctive service to clients and prospects, in person and over the telephone. Respond to client inquiries and satisfactorily resolve client issues. Support firm-wide achievement of the three-ring standard (all phones answered by a live person within three rings).

· Meet all the client’s financial needs, both business and personal, and refers clients to other specialty areas such as Trust, Investments, Insurance, Treasury Management, etc. as appropriate.

DESCRIPTION OF EXPERIENCE, EDUCATION AND TRAINING:

· College Degree preferred with various banking courses and seminars. Microsoft certification, network operating system, computer security and telecommunications knowledge preferred.

· Minimum of 10 years’ experience in one of the following, or a mix of: systems support, hardware installation and support, software security monitoring and implementation, and systems security.

· Knowledge of information security principles and practices, understanding of security protocols, principles, and standards.

· Knowledge of Microsoft Active Directory, Microsoft Windows desktop, and server operating systems. Cisco telecommunications equipment and current hardware technology knowledge.

· Working knowledge of all Federal and State regulations as it pertains to data integrity, security of data and privacy. Understanding of control measures and requirements of Sarbanes-Oxley.

· Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel and PowerPoint).

DESCRIPTION OF CAPABILITIES, PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS AND ABILITIES:

· Detail oriented with excellent interpersonal skills.

· Strong organizational skills required.

· Strong analytical skills required.

· Ability to work independently and prioritize daily tasks.

· Excellent verbal and written communication skills.

· Excellent client service skills. Tact and diplomacy in dealing with both clients and associates.

· The physical activities of this job include but are not limited to the ability to stand and sit for prolonged periods of time, use of manual dexterity, verbal communication, visual acuity, repetitive motion, and the ability to hear. Often long periods of mental concentration are required. Other activities are the ability to bend, climb, balance, stoop, kneel, crouch, reach, walk, push, pull, lift, and grasp.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $110,000.00 - $125,000.00 per year

Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This role is on-site. Please only apply if this is acceptable.

Experience:

Leadership: 3 years (Preferred)
Identity & access management: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: One location

Show Less 
ReportGuidePoint Security provides trusted cybersecurity expertise, solutions and services that help organizations make better decisions and minimize risk. By taking a three-tiered, holistic approach for evaluating security posture and ecosystems, GuidePoint enables some of the nation's top organizations, such as Fortune 500 companies and U.S. government agencies, to identify threats, optimize resources and integrate best-fit solutions that mitigate risk.

As a GuidePoint Security Project Manager you are managing a unique portfolio of security focused Professional Services engagements which directly contribute to our client's goals and success. This is a remote/virtual position working for a home office with possible travel (up to 10%). This position may also require serving as a client side billable resource for Project Management service delivery.

We are hiring a smart, experienced, and motivated Identity and Access Management (IAM) Project Manager to join our PMO. As the IAM Project Manager, you will be working with a highly dynamic team and help with the successful delivery of the project, you will help empower results for our clients by delivering innovative and effective solutions.

You will be working in a fast paced environment with our Information Assurance Practice and partnering on initiatives for the Mid-Atlantic region. Our team is comprised of hard working professionals - just like you. We are looking for Project Managers that thrive in an environment where they can not only user their PM skills, but can be immersed in the technology as well.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Plan the overall program, define projects and oversee multiple Identity project teams.
Communicate with PMO and Practice Leadership weekly regarding status updates and strategies.
Provide leadership and direction to cross-functional project teams, comprised of Engineers, Architects, Business Analysts, and project sponsors.
Work with Architects & Engineers to develop project roadmaps
Responsible for communication including status of project health and ensures project is delivered within schedule and scope.
Responsible for risk management and escalation of issues that cannot be resolved in the team.
Consult with stakeholders to gather and document requirements and specifications for solutions and enhancements.
Gather and analyze data from multiple sources. Develop reports and key risk indicators.
Define execution plan and approach based on project scope, expected timeline and available budget/resources
Document and maintain program related training and awareness materials and communications.
Manage a combination of Waterfall and Agile-based development efforts from initial analysis and design to development, testing, deployment, and maintenance
Manage day-to-day operations of the program office (PO) responsible for monitoring and maximizing key cost, schedule, and performance metrics
Ensure pre-defined project management processes and practices are followed. Drive simplification and improvement as necessary
Ensure quality of deliverables is verified and matching stakeholder expectations
Track project outcomes realization and customer satisfaction levels through established metrics against service level. Ensure lessons learned are collected

Experience Requirements:

5+ years project management experience with large scale projects at an enterprise level
2+ years' experience working in the Identity Management space
3+ years' experience in project management and business analysis with experience using a structured methodology.
Previous experience with Authentication or Identity and Access Management projects preferred.
PMI Certification Preferred (PMP, PMI-ACP, etc)
Understanding of Active Directory, LDAP, Access Management, CIAM, Identity Governance, Privileged Access Management is highly preferred.
Hands on experience using Microsoft Project, or SmartSheets
Strong experience coordinating, planning, and delivering project roadmaps and timelines
Experience with both Agile and waterfall methodologies
Experience in developing and presenting metrics and performance for a large program is preferred.
Experience managing both process improvement and software development projects.
Experience with analyzing and documenting business requirements and interfacing with application developers.
Proficient in using Microsoft Office products (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, Visio).


Why GuidePoint?

GuidePoint Security is a rapidly growing, profitable, privately-held value added reseller that focuses exclusively on Information Security. Since its inception in 2011, GuidePoint has grown to over 700 employees, established strategic partnerships with leading security vendors, and serves as a trusted advisor to more than 3,000 Enterprise-Level customers.

Firmly-defined core values drive all aspects of the business, which have been paramount to the company's success and establishment of an enjoyable workplace atmosphere. At GuidePoint, your colleagues are knowledgeable, skilled, and experienced and will seek to collaborate and provide mentorship and guidance at every opportunity.

This is a unique and rare opportunity to grow your career along with one of the fastest growing companies in the nation.

Some added perks….

Remote workforce primarily (U.S. based only, some travel may be required for certain positions, working on-site may be required for Federal positions)
100% employer-paid medical and dental premiums with generous employer family contributions
11 corporate holidays in 2022 (12 in 2023) and a Flexible Time Off (FTO) program
Healthy mobile phone and home internet allowance
Eligibility for retirement plan after 2 months at open enrollment
Pet Care plan

Show Less Identity and Access Management Manager

Level

Senior

Department

Other IT Positions

Type

Full Time

Project

bolttech

Locations:

Remote

Job Details
Posted on:
November 18, 2022
Job ID:
669

About the Company

Headquarters in Warsaw, Poland, AllSTARSIT operates development hubs across the whole CEE Region (Poland, Ukraine, Czech Republic, Romania, and Bulgaria), Israel, and Dubai. Additionally, AllSTARSIT has Tech Customer Support offices in the LATAM region, with an HQ in Colombia. The company has over 800+ talented Software Engineers and Tech Specialists spread across all locations.

AllSTARSIT is an international Software R&D, Technical Support, and Talent Acquisition service provider established in 2004. The company specializes in software development services for clients across industries as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, fintech, telecommunications, media, and more.

About the Project

bolttech is an international insurtech with a mission to build the world’s leading,technology-enabled ecosystem for protection and insurance. With a full suite ofdigital and data-driven capabilities, bolttech powers connections between insurers,distributors, and customers to make it easier and more efficient to buy and sellinsurance and protection products.

A part of Pacific Century Group, bolttech serves customers in multiple marketsacross North America, Asia and Europe.

Specialization
Information Security
Headquarters
TBC
Years on the market
2+
Team size and structure
Company size: up to 5000

Required skills:

At least 5 years professional experience implementing and managing Identity and Access Management programs
Excellent knowledge of industry standards (SAML, oAuth, SCIM, OpenID, etc.)
Demonstrated knowledge of different authorization approaches (RBAC, ABAC, etc.)
Excellent knowledge of cloud (AWS, GCP, Azure) IAM methodologies
Understanding of current technology and regulatory trends affecting financial institution information security programs
Demonstrated exceptional written and verbal communication skills

It's good if:

You are passionate about driving implementations of IAM capabilities such as MFA, SSO, PAM and IGA
You dream to demonstrate IAM is the cornerstone of a successful information security management strategy
You have innovative ideas to enable basic principles such as “least privilege” thanks to cloud technologies and automation
You feel the need to be challenged and you are driven to reach your full potential
You like to explore new technologies and tools to improve process automation
You feel the need to be involved in the decision-making process
You feel the need to be part of an international project, spawning multiple
continents

Scope of work:

Drive bolttech’s Identity and Access Management strategy across the Group and itsBusiness Units leveraging the latest technologies on the market.

Building secure and seamless experience for the bolttech customers and employees aligned with IT Security and Business strategy, as well as business risk appetite
Designing and delivering IAM solutions to the group and its Line of Business across multiple countries
Developing a “zero trust” framework to support the secured delivery of cloud native systems
Advising on IAM best practices and supporting the development teams in product delivery
Work with all functions of the business to evaluate strategies around IAM lifecycles, role-based access

Why AllSTARSIT?

Flexible working model: work from anywhere or choose one of our offices in Warsaw, Kyiv, Lviv, Prague, Bogotá, or Dubai, or premium co-working spaces with luxury amenities in 23 cities around the world.

Learning & Development program: we offer a team of senior developers, mentorship program, individual budget for self-education, free English, Spanish, and Polish courses, English for kids, regular tech & educational meetups, ability to become a meetup speaker, and online course subscriptions, among other perks and opportunities.

Wellness program: extended medical insurance, yoga & stretching, personal psychologist, sport/hobby compensation, Covid-19/flu vaccination, rewarding culture, and unique corporate gifts.

Balanced lifestyle: workation programs, memorable corporate parties abroad, team building activities, Happy Fridays, family events, and charity events.

Show Less 
ReportIntroduction
At IBM, work is more than a job - it's a calling: To build. To design. To code. To consult. To think along with clients and sell. To make markets. To invent. To collaborate. Not just to do something better, but to attempt things you've never thought possible. Are you ready to lead in this new era of technology and solve some of the world's most challenging problems? If so, lets talk.

Your Role and Responsibilities
The ESG and Human Rights analyst position is located in IBM’s Corporate Social Responsibility organization, reporting to the Director, ESG. The ESG team works closely with the AI Ethics group, the businesses, Legal, Procurement, Human Resources, Investor Relations, Research, Government and Regulatory Affairs, and Operations on a day-to-day basis. The program manager will support the nascent human rights practice, in developing the program and policies, and IBM’s ESG reporting.

The responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Manage IBM’s responses to key ESG ratings/rankings agencies (e.g. MSCI, ISS, EcoVadis etc.), ensuring the data is accurate and deadlines are met
Support the development of a human rights strategy, framework, and roadmap working across IBM functions and businesses
Coordinate human rights gap analysis and data collection
Manage cross-functional Human Rights Working Group including monthly meetings and socialization of human rights strategy
Support IBM client engagements by supplying human rights data and weaving into the ESG narrative; update messaging and resources for IBM employees who engage with clients
Support the development of the annual ESG Report, content for annual reports, shareholder-facing materials, and other mandatory disclosures as it relates to human rights
Manage maintenance support efforts for ESG data on IBM websites (IBM.com/impact) including updates, new content, and standards refresh
Conduct and maintain benchmarking of human rights practices among IBM’s peers and customers including identifying best practices and opportunities for improvement
Develop mitigation strategies, policies, and impact management plans
Support internal and external communications to drive awareness of human rights efforts
Engage internally with stakeholders to ensure compliance with upcoming human rights regulations and disclosures in the United States and European Union






Required Technical and Professional Expertise

3 + years of experience in human rights management or a related field in a corporate or firm setting
Knowledge and experience responding to key ESG ratings/rankings questionnaires
Strong understanding of global human rights landscape, frameworks and standards, evolving legislation and trends affecting technology companies
Exceptional project management skills and attention to detail
Must possess excellent written and oral communication skills; excellent judgment and decision making; ability to resolve conflict & problem solve; proven ability to make complex decisions based on experience; and analysis and judgment
Ability to present to and work effectively with others at all levels: executive, technical, and external vendors

Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise

Excellent communication skills

About Business Unit
IBM Corporate Headquarters (CHQ) team represents a variety of functions such as marketing, finance, legal, operations, HR, and more, all working together to solve some of the world's most complex problems, help our clients achieve success and build collaborative work environments for IBMers.

This job requires you to provide your COVID-19 vaccination status with supporting documentation, where legally permissible.

Your Life @ IBM
In a world where technology never stands still, we understand that, dedication to our clients success, innovation that matters, and trust and personal responsibility in all our relationships, lives in what we do as IBMers as we strive to be the catalyst that makes the world work better.

Being an IBMer means you’ll be able to learn and develop yourself and your career, you’ll be encouraged to be courageous and experiment everyday, all whilst having continuous trust and support in an environment where everyone can thrive whatever their personal or professional background.

Our IBMers are growth minded, always staying curious, open to feedback and learning new information and skills to constantly transform themselves and our company. They are trusted to provide on-going feedback to help other IBMers grow, as well as collaborate with colleagues keeping in mind a team focused approach to include different perspectives to drive exceptional outcomes for our customers. The courage our IBMers have to make critical decisions everyday is essential to IBM becoming the catalyst for progress, always embracing challenges with resources they have to hand, a can-do attitude and always striving for an outcome focused approach within everything that they do.

Are you ready to be an IBMer?

This job requires you to provide your COVID-19 vaccination status with supporting documentation, where legally permissible.


About IBM
IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.

Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business.

At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.

Location Statement
IBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to:


12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19.
World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals.
·Well-being programs to support mental and physical health. ·Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.).

Select educational reimbursement opportunities.
Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe.
Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities.
Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences.

The compensation range for this position is based on a full-time schedule. The salary will vary depending on your job-related skills, experience and location. Pay increment and frequency of pay will be in accordance with employment classification and applicable laws. For part time roles, your compensation will be adjusted to reflect your hours.

We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.

IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.

Being You @ IBM
IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportIT Manager - Privileged Access Management (Full-Time & Permanent)

SUMMARY

Join Aperia Solutions, a leader in SaaS solutions for the Payments and Compliance industries. Aperia has been developing and hosting complex, data intensive business applications for more than a decade. The company's management team has extensive experience in finance, data security, compliance, and business consulting which continues to fuel its rapid growth.

Aperia offers a competitive salary package and a great work environment with excellent people.

Responsible for planning and directing the day to day functional activities of assigned staff. Provides management with direction and day to day leadership in technical areas. Provides advice to management concerning the application of computing techniques to technical and business problems. Assigned area(s) of responsibility are activities of moderate complexity and impact. Will oversee and direct engineering SMEs in daesign, development, implementations and operations of PAM technology (CyberArk)..

RESPONSIBILITIES

¬∑ Develops and prepares budgets, project plans including scheduling, costs, resources, and other operational concerns.

¬∑ Align IAM/PAM technology SMEs with common directive for implementation and management of centralized solutions

¬∑ Responsible for IAM/PAM technology SDLC: design, development, testing and production operations

¬∑ Assist with allocating technical resources to IAM/PAM technology capability development and integration projects

¬∑ Defines and documents product requirements, project deliverables, and product acceptance criteria.

¬∑ Interfaces with stakeholders in identifying needs.

¬∑ Analyzes business systems specifications.

¬∑ Develops feasibility studies and business proposals for hardware/software solutions.

¬∑ Plans business and related technical training for new technologies and processes.

¬∑ Advises and directs staff on resolving production and testing problems.

¬∑ Manages and administers projects and service requests in alignment with roadmap

¬∑ Partners with Lead BA to create and maintain roadmaps

¬∑ Supports training and professional development for staff members as needed to perform job duties

¬∑ Advises management on these matters.

¬∑ Ensures adherence to Bank and information systems policies and procedures, security measures, and audit standards.

¬∑ Supervises installation of vendor solutions and maintenance.

¬∑ Instructs personnel and verifies the quality of performance.

¬∑ Anticipates operational/technical needs and develops plans to ensure system/user's needs are met.

¬∑ Performs other duties as assigned.

QUALIFICATIONS

¬∑ Requires practical knowledge in leading and managing the execution of processes, projects and tactics within one area.

¬∑ Typically has advanced knowledge and skills within a specific technical or professional discipline with understanding of the impact of work on other areas of the organization.

¬∑ Minimum 5 years in leadership

¬∑ Requires 10 years minimum in Privileged Access Management / Identity Access Management or relevant experience.

¬∑ Bachelor's Degree

This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive. An employee may also perform other reasonable related business duties as assigned by their immediate supervisor or management.

Principals only. Recruiters please don't contact this job poster.

DO NOT contact us with unsolicited services or offers.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:

401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

What is your expected salary range?

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

IT Management: 10 years (Preferred)
Identity & access management: 5 years (Preferred)
PAM: 5 years (Preferred)
CyberArk: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Show Less It's fun to work at a company where people truly believe in what they are doing!
Job Description:
Summary:
We are seeking a Manager of Identity & Access Management who will be responsible for delivering the complete lifecycle of Identity and Access Management (IAM) services for Epiq Global. The IAM Manager will report to the IAM Director, and will be responsible for partnering with all IT, Security and business leadership to plan, design, develop, transform, automate, maintain, and operate the IAM Program its technologies and processes. The Manager will manage a small team responsible for implementing solutions to align with the IAM strategy and roadmap. You will lead the successful implementation, operations, compliance, maintenance, and continuous improvement of the new IAM ecosystem. We are seeking a candidate with Saviynt expertise
As a member of the Cybersecurity leadership team, the IAM Manager plays a critical role in helping to implement the information security strategy in pursuit of our desired outcomes.
Essential Job Functions:
Program manage the delivery of the defined IAM strategy and services, including technical and organizational design, build, user acceptance test, implementation, ongoing operations, IAM resources, and day-to-day operations within his/her scope of responsibility
Leveraging key industry leading technologies and best practices, the IAM Manager will work collaboratively with IT solution teams to integrate identity management solutions that improve our security posture while equally improving employee/contractor and partner onboarding experiences.
Establish, document and communicate IAM services, capabilities, policies and procedures to key IAM stakeholders and consumers
Oversee a team of technical support staff who are responsible for the full lifecycle of services from design, build, introduction, and retirement/refresh of technologies that make up the IAM service portfolio and utilize effective people leadership and influencing skills to successfully carry out the overall information security mission.
Ensure resources operating the IAM services are available for proper 24x7 support of the services.
Lean on deep subject-matter expertise in all areas of IAM including single sign-on, multifactor authentication, privileged account management, password vaulting, role-based, just-in-time access and domain design
Track, maintain, and create key metrics and client satisfaction measures focusing on the continuous improvement of the service
Collaborate with other leaders in IT, Security and the business
Non Essential Job Functions:
Manage the strategic relationship with a third-party service provider
Communicate high-level security strategy and capabilities to customers
Respond to audit, compliance, and customer security assessment questionnaire
Minimum Requirements:
Education: 4 year degree (preferred but not required)
Experience: 6+ years
Skills & Abilities:
6+ years or more overall IT experience
3+ years of Team Lead and/or People management experience
Proven experience in the implementation and operations of IAM services and technologies
Deep understanding of identity management architecture, design, delivery and compliance
Proven experience creating and maintaining global standards, documentation, and processes for IA or similar security programs.
Knowledge of common information security management frameworks, such as ISO/IEC 27001, COBIT, and NIST, including Cybersecurity Framework.
Strong understanding of the full lifecycle of workforce processes
Demonstrated ability to define and report against critical metrics and key performance indicators
Demonstrated ability to communicate, present and influence credibly and effectively to all levels of an organization especially to key business partners and executives.
Demonstrated ability to provide technical leadership and lead teams in successfully implementing new technologies and services to meet company needs.
Strong business acumen, as well as strong analytical and strategic thinking abilities to draw conclusions based on data
Self-motivated individual capable of working in a face-paced and geographically diverse environment
Detail and results oriented; skilled at both planning and hands-on execution
Ability to excel in a team-oriented, collaborative, and fast-paced environment
Licenses & Certifications:
Security specific certifications desirable
Candidates based in Colorado or New York:
The Annual Compensation range for this role is 99,641.70 - 199,284.00 USD Annual and may be eligible for an annual bonus. Actual compensation within that range will be dependent upon the individual's skills, experience and qualifications.
Click
here
to learn about Epiq's Benefits.
If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!
It is Epiq’s policy to comply with all applicable equal employment opportunity laws by making all employment decisions without unlawful regard or consideration of any individual’s race, religion, ethnicity, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expressions, transgender status, sexual and other reproductive health decisions, marital status, age, national origin, genetic information, ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, veteran or family status or any other basis protected by applicable national, federal, state, provincial or local law. Epiq’s policy prohibits unlawful discrimination based on any of these impermissible bases, as well as any bases or grounds protected by applicable law in each jurisdiction. In addition Epiq will take affirmative action for minorities, women, covered veterans and individuals with disabilities. If you need assistance or an accommodation during the application process because of a disability, it is available upon request. Epiq is pleased to provide such assistance and no applicant will be penalized as a result of such a request. Pursuant to relevant law, where applicable, Epiq will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less Job Description

Our IT team operates as a business partner proposing ideas and innovative solutions that enable new organizational capabilities. We collaborate internationally to deliver the services and solutions that help everyone to be more productive and enable innovation.

Our organization partners closely with our Company’s Research & Development (R&D) org to provide innovative solutions that enable new products and capabilities within the Research & Development. We collaborate internationally to deliver the services and solutions that help everyone to be more productive and enable innovation.

To enable this, we are seeking a product owner for our Company’s Clinical Data Layer, to partner with R&D and other orgs to define the roadmap, own and prioritize the backlog and be the central contact between the business and scum team.

Responsibilities:

Be part of the product’s leadership team to manage the entire product development process. Research and determine the business needs to determine which features to include and determine the metrics to measure success. Define the Products vision, mission & OKRs. Act as the primary contact between the scrum teams and stakeholders. Collaborate closely with both the scrum and squads to ensure the product meet objectives as outlined by the stakeholders.

Primary Responsibilities:

Owns and manages a product through the duration of the product lifecycle

Defines the overall product vision and strategy, with a keen focus on value, business outcomes, and user experience

Makes product decisions, and ensures decisions align with product strategy.

Develops and regularly calibrates metrics for the product.

Drives continuous product discovery to understand user needs and translate that solutions and product backlog.

Sets and communicates high-integrity roadmap commitments that have been assessed collaboratively with the delivery squad(s) in terms of value, feasibility, usability, and viability

Define & measure the product OKRs.

Act as the primary contact between the scrum teams and stakeholders.

Monitors and optimizes product’s total cost of ownership (TCO)

Prerequisites:

6+ years in Information Technology with 2+ years supporting Identity and Access Management (IAM) space

2+ years of product management experience.

Proficiency in the use of identity and access management tools and technologies

Good understanding of Identity and Access Management concepts and latest trends in IAM space

Ability to architect user-centric solutions and streamline complex IAM challenges, at scale

Familiarity with cutting edge tools used in Cloud and SaaS environments

Familiarity with healthcare sector regulatory landscape which demands specific controls on IAM space

Ability to prioritize effectively

Excellent knowledge of user-centered design principles

Excellent oral and written communication

Ability to work with large teams

Understanding of design quality standards

Familiarity with Jenkins, Bitbucket, JIRA & Confluence

Experience with OKRs.

Experience in managing geographically distributed squads preferred

Experience in different delivery methods (agile, traditional) in large organizations

Experience with product management techniques such as strategy, road mapping etc.

Experience aligning the organization and communicating complex technical decisions

Other Skills:

5+ years leading programs in Agile (Scrum) project methodology.

Demonstrated leadership experience, leading teams through influence.

Strong analytical thinker and problem-solving skills.

Minimum Education:

B.A./B.S.

Our Support Functions deliver services and make recommendations about ways to enhance our workplace and the culture of our organization. Our Support Functions include HR, Finance, Information Technology, Legal, Procurement, Administration, Facilities and Security.

Who we are …

We are known as Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, New Jersey, USA in the United States and Canada and MSD everywhere else. For more than a century, we have been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world's most challenging diseases. Today, our company continues to be at the forefront of research to deliver innovative health solutions and advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and animals around the world.

What we look for …

Imagine getting up in the morning for a job as important as helping to save and improve lives around the world. Here, you have that opportunity. You can put your empathy, creativity, digital mastery, or scientific genius to work in collaboration with a diverse group of colleagues who pursue and bring hope to countless people who are battling some of the most challenging diseases of our time. Our team is constantly evolving, so if you are among the intellectually curious, join us—and start making your impact today.

NOTICE FOR INTERNAL APPLICANTS

In accordance with Managers' Policy - Job Posting and Employee Placement, all employees subject to this policy are required to have a minimum of twelve (12) months of service in current position prior to applying for open positions.

If you have been offered a separation benefits package, but have not yet reached your separation date and are offered a position within the salary and geographical parameters as set forth in the Summary Plan Description (SPD) of your separation package, then you are no longer eligible for your separation benefits package. To discuss in more detail, please contact your HRBP or Talent Acquisition Advisor.


MRLITPM

For positions located in the United States and Puerto Rico – Subject to applicable law, all new hires (including internal transfers) must demonstrate that they are fully vaccinated against COVID-19 or that they qualify for a medical or religious exemption to this vaccination requirement. New hires (including internal transfers) to a position that, as determined by the Company, requires routine collaboration with external stakeholders (such as roles in health services or customer-facing commercial or research-based roles) (“Customer-Facing Role”) who are not vaccinated must qualify for a medical or religious exemption and be in a position that the Company determines can accommodate unvaccinated employees without causing an undue burden to business operations. If, following dialog with the candidate as appropriate, it is determined that the candidate either a) does not qualify for a religious or medical exemption or, b) for candidates applying for Customer-Facing roles, it is determined that allowing the candidate to work without vaccination would cause an undue burden to the Company, the candidate will be ineligible for hire or transfer, or any offer of employment or transfer (if applicable) will be revoked. Please note that notwithstanding the approval of any reasonable accommodation, the Company reserves the right to monitor, modify, or revoke any such accommodation if it is determined, following dialog with the employee, that the accommodation is no longer effective or results in an undue burden to the Company.


US and Puerto Rico Residents Only:

Our company is committed to inclusion, ensuring that candidates can engage in a hiring process that exhibits their true capabilities. Please click here if you need an accommodation during the application or hiring process.


Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination

We are proud to be a company that embraces the value of bringing diverse, talented, and committed people together. The fastest way to breakthrough innovation is when diverse ideas come together in an inclusive environment. We encourage our colleagues to respectfully challenge one another’s thinking and approach problems collectively. We are an equal opportunity employer, committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse workplace.

Under New York City law, the Company is required to provide a reasonable estimate of the salary range for this job. Final determinations with respect to salary will take into account a number of factors, which may include, but not be limited to the primary work location and the chosen candidate’s relevant skills, experience, and education.

Expected salary range:

Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully
Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, NJ, USA, also known as Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC, Rahway, NJ, USA, does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. All CVs / resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at our company without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of our company. No fee will be paid in the event a candidate is hired by our company as a result of an agency referral where no pre-existing agreement is in place. Where agency agreements are in place, introductions are position specific. Please, no phone calls or emails.

Employee Status:

Regular

Relocation:

No relocation

VISA Sponsorship:

No

Travel Requirements:

10%

Flexible Work Arrangements:

Hybrid, Remote Work

Shift:

Valid Driving License:

Hazardous Material(s):

Number of Openings:

1


Requisition ID:R211946

Show Less 
ReportJob Description

Our IT team operates as a business partner proposing ideas and innovative solutions that enable new organizational capabilities. We collaborate internationally to deliver the services and solutions that help everyone to be more productive and enable innovation.

Our organization partners closely with our Company’s Research & Development (R&D) org to provide innovative solutions that enable new products and capabilities within the Research & Development. We collaborate internationally to deliver the services and solutions that help everyone to be more productive and enable innovation.

To enable this, we are seeking a product owner for our Company’s Clinical Data Layer, to partner with R&D and other orgs to define the roadmap, own and prioritize the backlog and be the central contact between the business and scum team.

Responsibilities:
Be part of the product’s leadership team to manage the entire product development process. Research and determine the business needs to determine which features to include and determine the metrics to measure success. Define the Products vision, mission & OKRs. Act as the primary contact between the scrum teams and stakeholders. Collaborate closely with both the scrum and squads to ensure the product meet objectives as outlined by the stakeholders.

Primary Responsibilities:
Owns and manages a product through the duration of the product lifecycle

Defines the overall product vision and strategy, with a keen focus on value, business outcomes, and user experience

Makes product decisions, and ensures decisions align with product strategy.

Develops and regularly calibrates metrics for the product.

Drives continuous product discovery to understand user needs and translate that solutions and product backlog.

Sets and communicates high-integrity roadmap commitments that have been assessed collaboratively with the delivery squad(s) in terms of value, feasibility, usability, and viability

Define & measure the product OKRs.

Act as the primary contact between the scrum teams and stakeholders.

Monitors and optimizes product’s total cost of ownership (TCO)

Prerequisites:
6+ years in Information Technology with 2+ years supporting Identity and Access Management (IAM) space

2+ years of product management experience.

Proficiency in the use of identity and access management tools and technologies

Good understanding of Identity and Access Management concepts and latest trends in IAM space

Ability to architect user-centric solutions and streamline complex IAM challenges, at scale

Familiarity with cutting edge tools used in Cloud and SaaS environments

Familiarity with healthcare sector regulatory landscape which demands specific controls on IAM space

Ability to prioritize effectively

Excellent knowledge of user-centered design principles

Excellent oral and written communication

Ability to work with large teams

Understanding of design quality standards

Familiarity with Jenkins, Bitbucket, JIRA & Confluence

Experience with OKRs.

Experience in managing geographically distributed squads preferred

Experience in different delivery methods (agile, traditional) in large organizations

Experience with product management techniques such as strategy, road mapping etc.

Experience aligning the organization and communicating complex technical decisions

Other Skills:
5+ years leading programs in Agile (Scrum) project methodology.

Demonstrated leadership experience, leading teams through influence.

Strong analytical thinker and problem-solving skills.

Minimum Education:
B.A./B.S.

Our Support Functions deliver services and make recommendations about ways to enhance our workplace and the culture of our organization. Our Support Functions include HR, Finance, Information Technology, Legal, Procurement, Administration, Facilities and Security.

Who we are …

We are known as Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, New Jersey, USA in the United States and Canada and MSD everywhere else. For more than a century, we have been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world's most challenging diseases. Today, our company continues to be at the forefront of research to deliver innovative health solutions and advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and animals around the world.

What we look for …

Imagine getting up in the morning for a job as important as helping to save and improve lives around the world. Here, you have that opportunity. You can put your empathy, creativity, digital mastery, or scientific genius to work in collaboration with a diverse group of colleagues who pursue and bring hope to countless people who are battling some of the most challenging diseases of our time. Our team is constantly evolving, so if you are among the intellectually curious, join us—and start making your impact today.

NOTICE FOR INTERNAL APPLICANTS

In accordance with Managers' Policy - Job Posting and Employee Placement, all employees subject to this policy are required to have a minimum of twelve (12) months of service in current position prior to applying for open positions.

If you have been offered a separation benefits package, but have not yet reached your separation date and are offered a position within the salary and geographical parameters as set forth in the Summary Plan Description (SPD) of your separation package, then you are no longer eligible for your separation benefits package. To discuss in more detail, please contact your HRBP or Talent Acquisition Advisor.

Residents of Colorado

MRLITPM

For positions located in the United States and Puerto Rico – Subject to applicable law, all new hires (including internal transfers) must demonstrate that they are fully vaccinated against COVID-19 or that they qualify for a medical or religious exemption to this vaccination requirement. New hires (including internal transfers) to a position that, as determined by the Company, requires routine collaboration with external stakeholders (such as roles in health services or customer-facing commercial or research-based roles) (“Customer-Facing Role”) who are not vaccinated must qualify for a medical or religious exemption and be in a position that the Company determines can accommodate unvaccinated employees without causing an undue burden to business operations. If, following dialog with the candidate as appropriate, it is determined that the candidate either a) does not qualify for a religious or medical exemption or, b) for candidates applying for Customer-Facing roles, it is determined that allowing the candidate to work without vaccination would cause an undue burden to the Company, the candidate will be ineligible for hire or transfer, or any offer of employment or transfer (if applicable) will be revoked. Please note that notwithstanding the approval of any reasonable accommodation, the Company reserves the right to monitor, modify, or revoke any such accommodation if it is determined, following dialog with the employee, that the accommodation is no longer effective or results in an undue burden to the Company.

Current Employees

Current Contingent Workers

US and Puerto Rico Residents Only:
Our company is committed to inclusion, ensuring that candidates can engage in a hiring process that exhibits their true capabilities.
For more information about personal rights under Equal Employment Opportunity, visit:

EEOC Poster

EEOC GINA Supplement

OFCCP EEO Supplement

Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination

We are proud to be a company that embraces the value of bringing diverse, talented, and committed people together. The fastest way to breakthrough innovation is when diverse ideas come together in an inclusive environment. We encourage our colleagues to respectfully challenge one another’s thinking and approach problems collectively. We are an equal opportunity employer, committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse workplace.

Under New York City law, the Company is required to provide a reasonable estimate of the salary range for this job. Final determinations with respect to salary will take into account a number of factors, which may include, but not be limited to the primary work location and the chosen candidate’s relevant skills, experience, and education.

Expected salary range:
Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully
Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, NJ, USA, also known as Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC, Rahway, NJ, USA, does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. All CVs / resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at our company without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of our company. No fee will be paid in the event a candidate is hired by our company as a result of an agency referral where no pre-existing agreement is in place. Where agency agreements are in place, introductions are position specific. Please, no phone calls or emails.

Employee Status:
Regular

Relocation:
No relocation

VISA Sponsorship:
No

Travel Requirements:
10%

Flexible Work Arrangements:
Hybrid, Remote Work

Shift:
Valid Driving License:
Hazardous Material(s):
Number of Openings:
1

Requisition ID: R211946
Show Less 
ReportJob Description

Our IT team operates as a business partner proposing ideas and innovative solutions that enable new organizational capabilities. We collaborate internationally to deliver the services and solutions that help everyone to be more productive and enable innovation.

Our organization partners closely with our Company’s Research & Development (R&D) org to provide innovative solutions that enable new products and capabilities within the Research & Development. We collaborate internationally to deliver the services and solutions that help everyone to be more productive and enable innovation.

To enable this, we are seeking a product owner for our Company’s Clinical Data Layer, to partner with R&D and other orgs to define the roadmap, own and prioritize the backlog and be the central contact between the business and scum team.

Responsibilities:

Be part of the product’s leadership team to manage the entire product development process. Research and determine the business needs to determine which features to include and determine the metrics to measure success. Define the Products vision, mission & OKRs. Act as the primary contact between the scrum teams and stakeholders. Collaborate closely with both the scrum and squads to ensure the product meet objectives as outlined by the stakeholders.

Primary Responsibilities:

Owns and manages a product through the duration of the product lifecycle

Defines the overall product vision and strategy, with a keen focus on value, business outcomes, and user experience

Makes product decisions, and ensures decisions align with product strategy.

Develops and regularly calibrates metrics for the product.

Drives continuous product discovery to understand user needs and translate that solutions and product backlog.

Sets and communicates high-integrity roadmap commitments that have been assessed collaboratively with the delivery squad(s) in terms of value, feasibility, usability, and viability

Define & measure the product OKRs.

Act as the primary contact between the scrum teams and stakeholders.

Monitors and optimizes product’s total cost of ownership (TCO)

Prerequisites:

6+ years in Information Technology with 2+ years supporting Identity and Access Management (IAM) space

2+ years of product management experience.

Proficiency in the use of identity and access management tools and technologies

Good understanding of Identity and Access Management concepts and latest trends in IAM space

Ability to architect user-centric solutions and streamline complex IAM challenges, at scale

Familiarity with cutting edge tools used in Cloud and SaaS environments

Familiarity with healthcare sector regulatory landscape which demands specific controls on IAM space

Ability to prioritize effectively

Excellent knowledge of user-centered design principles

Excellent oral and written communication

Ability to work with large teams

Understanding of design quality standards

Familiarity with Jenkins, Bitbucket, JIRA & Confluence

Experience with OKRs.

Experience in managing geographically distributed squads preferred

Experience in different delivery methods (agile, traditional) in large organizations

Experience with product management techniques such as strategy, road mapping etc.

Experience aligning the organization and communicating complex technical decisions

Other Skills:

5+ years leading programs in Agile (Scrum) project methodology.

Demonstrated leadership experience, leading teams through influence.

Strong analytical thinker and problem-solving skills.

Minimum Education:

B.A./B.S.

Our Support Functions deliver services and make recommendations about ways to enhance our workplace and the culture of our organization. Our Support Functions include HR, Finance, Information Technology, Legal, Procurement, Administration, Facilities and Security.

Who we are …

We are known as Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, New Jersey, USA in the United States and Canada and MSD everywhere else. For more than a century, we have been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world's most challenging diseases. Today, our company continues to be at the forefront of research to deliver innovative health solutions and advance the prevention and treatment of diseases that threaten people and animals around the world.

What we look for …

Imagine getting up in the morning for a job as important as helping to save and improve lives around the world. Here, you have that opportunity. You can put your empathy, creativity, digital mastery, or scientific genius to work in collaboration with a diverse group of colleagues who pursue and bring hope to countless people who are battling some of the most challenging diseases of our time. Our team is constantly evolving, so if you are among the intellectually curious, join us—and start making your impact today.

NOTICE FOR INTERNAL APPLICANTS

In accordance with Managers' Policy - Job Posting and Employee Placement, all employees subject to this policy are required to have a minimum of twelve (12) months of service in current position prior to applying for open positions.

If you have been offered a separation benefits package, but have not yet reached your separation date and are offered a position within the salary and geographical parameters as set forth in the Summary Plan Description (SPD) of your separation package, then you are no longer eligible for your separation benefits package. To discuss in more detail, please contact your HRBP or Talent Acquisition Advisor.

Residents of Colorado

Click here to request this role’s pay range.

MRLITPM

For positions located in the United States and Puerto Rico – Subject to applicable law, all new hires (including internal transfers) must demonstrate that they are fully vaccinated against COVID-19 or that they qualify for a medical or religious exemption to this vaccination requirement. New hires (including internal transfers) to a position that, as determined by the Company, requires routine collaboration with external stakeholders (such as roles in health services or customer-facing commercial or research-based roles) (“Customer-Facing Role”) who are not vaccinated must qualify for a medical or religious exemption and be in a position that the Company determines can accommodate unvaccinated employees without causing an undue burden to business operations. If, following dialog with the candidate as appropriate, it is determined that the candidate either a) does not qualify for a religious or medical exemption or, b) for candidates applying for Customer-Facing roles, it is determined that allowing the candidate to work without vaccination would cause an undue burden to the Company, the candidate will be ineligible for hire or transfer, or any offer of employment or transfer (if applicable) will be revoked. Please note that notwithstanding the approval of any reasonable accommodation, the Company reserves the right to monitor, modify, or revoke any such accommodation if it is determined, following dialog with the employee, that the accommodation is no longer effective or results in an undue burden to the Company.

Current Employees apply HERE

Current Contingent Workers apply HERE

US and Puerto Rico Residents Only:

Our company is committed to inclusion, ensuring that candidates can engage in a hiring process that exhibits their true capabilities. Please click here if you need an accommodation during the application or hiring process.

For more information about personal rights under Equal Employment Opportunity, visit:

EEOC Poster

EEOC GINA Supplement

OFCCP EEO Supplement

Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination

We are proud to be a company that embraces the value of bringing diverse, talented, and committed people together. The fastest way to breakthrough innovation is when diverse ideas come together in an inclusive environment. We encourage our colleagues to respectfully challenge one another’s thinking and approach problems collectively. We are an equal opportunity employer, committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse workplace.

Under New York City law, the Company is required to provide a reasonable estimate of the salary range for this job. Final determinations with respect to salary will take into account a number of factors, which may include, but not be limited to the primary work location and the chosen candidate’s relevant skills, experience, and education.

Expected salary range:

Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully
Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, NJ, USA, also known as Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC, Rahway, NJ, USA, does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. All CVs / resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at our company without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of our company. No fee will be paid in the event a candidate is hired by our company as a result of an agency referral where no pre-existing agreement is in place. Where agency agreements are in place, introductions are position specific. Please, no phone calls or emails.

Employee Status:

Regular

Relocation:

No relocation

VISA Sponsorship:

No

Travel Requirements:

10%

Flexible Work Arrangements:

Hybrid, Remote Work

Shift:

Valid Driving License:

Hazardous Material(s):

Number of Openings:

1


Requisition ID:R211946

Show Less 
ReportJOB DESCRIPTION
JOB SUMMARY

The Cybersecurity Identity and Access Management (CSIAM) , is an integral part of the Office of Chief Information Security Officer (OCISO) and plays a vital role in designing solutions that enhance the protective model at (MBI) advancing our global security posture. Define critical strategic defense layers needed to enable detect/defend capabilities safeguarding MBI intellectual property and informational resources. Investigate and recommend technical solutions encompassing regulatory compliance with defined cybersecurity goals achieving cohesive solutions designed to continuously improve our controls vs. evolving threats and risks. Align CSIAM direction/priorities ensuring support across business and IT objectives ultimately driving comprehensive solutions while adhering to the principals that support executing as ‚ÄúGood Stewards‚Äù of MBI investments.

In this role, you will oversee all design and deployment aspects of Michael Baker International enterprise Identity and Access Management (IAM) stack as well as ensure security policies and best practices are followed for all Infrastructure deployments.. Collaborate with the CIO team to help elevate cybersecurity understanding and provide guidance in driving increased cybersecurity capabilities integration across all platforms. Continuously examine methods to improve detect/defend including AI enabled ecosystems focused on safeguarding data across multiple platforms, instances, endpoints, and views. Think outside the traditional box on how MBI protects against threats and manages security risk to internal stakeholders and our clients. Provide strategic cloud cybersecurity enabling innovation goals and objectives.

"Preferred" locations are Pittsburgh, PA and Alexandria, VA, but open to other locations in U.S.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:

Lead Cybersecurity Identity and Access Management (IAM) efforts, provide technical vision, ensuring visibility, policy enforcement, detection and protection elements are integrated into each solution.
Lead the efforts in securing systems/infrastructure in MBI cloud environments, both in Microsoft Azure and Amazon AWS
Deep knowledge of IAM discipline approaches driving consistency across solutions.
Experience with Role Based Access Control (RBAC) principles
Work closely with the other organizations across ITS and the business driving cybersecurity requirements across all solutions.
Experience with RBAC tools in Azure and AWS as well as ‚Äòon-premises‚Äô
Serves as a technical subject matter (SME) on cyber/systems security matters.
Support the development of cybersecurity technical roadmaps and documentation to drive constant cyber transformation and improvements in MBI detect/defend capabilities
Collaborate using information and knowledge sharing networks and professional relationships to achieve common goals.
Provide insights and support CISO leadership defining (MBI) overall security roadmap and support business planning, requirements and investment case definition to direct the implementation of security measures.
Review and evaluate the design and operational effectiveness of security controls and countermeasures used to protect MBI applications, services and solutions.
Review security technologies, tools and services and make recommendations for their use based on security, financial and operational criteria.
Participate in change control process to identify and mitigate impacts to information security controls.

PREFERRED PROFESSIONAL REQUIREMENTS

Bachelor‚Äôs Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other related field (or equivalent work experience).
5-10 years of combined hands-on IT and security architecture development and implementation work experience with a broad exposure to infrastructure/network and multi-platform environments.
Experience deploying IAM solutions like Sailpoint, Okta, Thycotic, CyberArk, or similar technologies.
Clear expertise implementing solutions for defense industrial base (DIB) members.
Previous and/or current relationships with DSIE or NDISAC member companies and peer engineers.
Strong understanding of architecture-level information security and appropriate use enforcement technology solutions
Strong understanding and experience with design/implementation of advanced malware detection/prevention, mobile device virtualization/MDM, cloud security management, structured and unstructured database encryption, mobile application and remote API security, fine-grained application authorization and access control, security event visualization, big data user and entity behavior analytics, and active adversary deception.
Strong working understanding of contemporary security theory and application (including vulnerabilities, exploitation techniques and attack vectors).
Strong understanding of systems development life-cycle to lead multi-functional projects or initiatives.
Strong familiarity with Federal compliance standards such as NIST 800-53, 800-171, FIPS 140-2 & FedRAMP.
Knowledge of laws, regulations, and standards relevant to the US Government and Defense Industrial Base (DIB) industry.
Design and build of defense-in-depth architecture solutions ensuring visibility, policy enforcement, scalability, and maximizing detect/defend capabilities.
Open mind regarding technical solutions with no allegiance towards particular vendor rather a knowledge of required capabilities and functional operations.

LICENSES/REGISTRATIONS

Any one of or more of these or other industry recognized certifications:

GIAC Cyber Defense
Cisco Certified Network Professional Security (CCNP Security)
Certified Information Systems Security Professional - Information Systems Security Engineering Professional (CISSP-ISSEP)

COMPENSATION
The salary range for this position is $100,942- $166,543. This will be dependent on the experience and expertise of the incoming candidate.

BENEFITS
We offer a comprehensive benefits package including:

Medical, dental, vision insurance
401k Retirement Plan
Health Savings Account (HSA)
Flexible Spending Account (FSA)
Life, AD&D, short-term, and long-term disability
Professional and personal development
Generous paid time off
Commuter and wellness benefits

MICHAEL BAKER INTERNATIONAL EEO STATEMENT

Michael Baker International is proud to be an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Michael Baker International provides equal employment opportunity for all persons, in all facets of employment. Michael Baker International maintains a drug-free workplace and performs pre-employment substance abuse testing and background checks. We encourage all qualified applicants to apply for any open position for which they feel they are qualified and all will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status or any other legally protected status.

EEO is the Law. Applicants to and employees of Michael Baker International are protected under Federal law from discrimination.



ABOUT US
Michael Baker International, a leading provider of engineering and consulting services, including design, planning, architectural, environmental, construction and program management, has been solving some of the world‚Äôs most complex infrastructure challenges for more than 80 years with a legacy of expertise, experience, innovation and integrity.

Based in Pittsburgh and with nearly 100 offices nationwide, we partner with clients on everything from roads, bridges, tunnels, mass transit, and airports, to water treatment plants, arctic oil pipelines, environmental restoration and specialized overseas construction. We serve as a trusted adviser to the communities we serve, making them safer, more accessible, more sustainable and more prosperous.

We provide visionary leadership in facilitating transformational change for our clients. Our work delivers differentiating innovations and dedicated experts who challenge the status quo and share a world of diverse experience and an impassioned entrepreneurial spirit. We deliver quality of life.

We Make a Difference.

Michael Baker International is proud to be an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. Michael Baker International provides equal employment opportunity for all persons, in all facets of employment. Michael Baker International maintains a drug-free workplace and performs pre-employment substance abuse testing and background checks. As a covered federal contractor, Michael Baker International is required to comply with Executive Order 14042, Ensuring Adequate COVID Safety Protocols for Federal Contractors, and its implementing guidelines. If the federal vaccine mandate is found to be valid and enforceable, this will include ensuring that all covered employees are fully vaccinated for COVID-19, except in limited circumstances where there is a legal entitlement to an accommodate. In addition, you may be subject to current or future state or local COVID-19 vaccine mandates that could become a condition of your employment based upon your work location or involvement on a project. Accordingly, Michael Baker encourages you to provide satisfactory proof that you are "fully vaccinated" for COVID-19 so as to ensure compliance with any potential applicable federal, state, or local laws. We encourage all qualified applicants to apply for any open position for which they feel they are qualified and all will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship status, marital status, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status or any other legally protected status.

EEO is the Law. Applicants to and employees of Michael Baker International are protected under Federal law from discrimination.


Show Less Job Description:


PRODUCT MARKETING MANAGER, IDENTITY AND ACCESS MANAGEMENT

Location: Remote / Work from Home options available - from U.S. locations only

Who we are:

CyberRes, a Micro Focus line of business, is actively seeking a Product Marketing Manager to contribute to the growth of our NetIQ Identity and Access Management portfolio. Cybersecurity continues to be one of the fastest-growing markets today and requires high energy and a willingness to take risks and move as fast as the market requires.

Micro Focus is one of the world’s largest enterprise software providers, delivering the mission-critical software that keeps the digital world running. We combine pragmatism, discipline, and customer-centric innovation to deliver trusted, proven solutions that customers need in order to succeed in today’s rapidly evolving marketplace. That’s high-tech without the drama.www.microfocus.com

About the Role

Micro Focus is actively seeking a Product Marketing Manager to join our market-leading NetIQ Identity and Access Management marketing team. Security continues to grow in excitement and NetIQ is at the forefront of cybersecurity and in setting the standard for solving the most pressing challenges in the enterprise. https://www.microfocus.com/en-us/cyberres/identity-access-management for product details.

What you will do:

Develop and be responsible for product positioning/messaging and buyer personas for your product(s)
Collaborate with a cross-functional team made up of Product Management, Regional Marketing, Corporate Marketing, Sales, and Operations to ensure alignment is made with key stakeholders
Understand why customers are buying your product and the problems they’re solving with it
Understand your products business plan and revenue targets so you can ensure that GTM work contributes to both
Work with Product Management to understand their current roadmap and build a complete launch plan to support it. This also includes taking product details and translating them into “solution-level” messaging that resonates with customer jobs
Manage the development, creation, and distribution of global sales tools and marketing collateral from conception to usage reporting. These sales tools can include: fact sheets, datasheets, white papers, PowerPoint presentations, website pages, HTML emails, multi-media pieces, videos, etc. as necessary
Contribute creative design ideas for slideware, videos, and infographics
Learn which sales teams/partners are selling your product(s) and what incentivizes them to do so
Understand who your competitors are and how they position themselves in market
Drive the approval process, including cross-functional approvals when required to ensure content, imagery, and branding is accurate
Make ongoing recommendations to ensure processes improve and the creation of materials and templates are completed in the most effective and efficient manner
Investigate, evaluate, and determine whether materials meet global customer and channel needs

Education and Experience Required:

Skills and Knowledge Required:

Able to manage the collateral development process from opening purchase orders to posting materials to reporting usage and effectiveness
Proven verbal and written communication skills; outstanding organizational skills
Experience presenting to sales teams, customers, and other external groups
Demonstrate knowledge of sales tools and how they apply to the buying cycle
Prior success with project and logistics management
Proven track record of on-time deliverables
Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to work effectively cross-functionally and in teams
A self-starter with the willingness and desire to get the job done right
Preference for working in strategic thinking and fast-paced environment with changing workloads
Create a positive, fun, team-oriented, hardworking, and balanced environment
The candidate will value regional differences and have a sensitivity to the diverse cultures that exist
4-year college degree, preferably in Marketing, Business, or a relevant work experience desired; MBA preferred
3-6 years experience working in product marketing / GEO marketing / similar marketing function
Cyber Security and Identity and Access Management (IAM) experience a PLUS
Expected travel – 10%

#LI-GC2

#LI-Remote

#DiceGC

Job:

Marketing


Micro Focus is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Prospective employees will receive consideration without discrimination because of race, colour, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship or any other legally protected status

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less Location: Pasadena, United States of America

Thales people architect identity management and data protection solutions at the heart of digital security. Business and governments rely on us to bring trust to the billons of digital interactions they have with people. Our technologies and services help banks exchange funds, people cross borders, energy become smarter and much more. More than 30,000 organizations already rely on us to verify the identities of people and things, grant access to digital services, analyze vast quantities of information and encrypt data to make the connected world more secure.

As a Project Manager for the Identity and Biometrics Solutions working with the team in Pasadena, CA or Austin, TX, or in a remote location within the US, you will deliver solutions that meet customer requirements and Thales‚Äô commitments. Your role will directly contribute to internal and external customer satisfaction, which is key for business growth.

Project Manager, manages and coordinates internal (Control Account Managers, Work Package Managers, developers, engineers, etc.) and external (customers, suppliers, sub-contractors, partners, etc.) dedicated teams by involving the following associated teams: Sales, finance, contract management, etc... Directs the project activities (including those relating to risks & opportunities) to ensure projects are delivered on-time, within budget, satisfy technical requirements, and meet customer expectations.

This responsibility is exercised from signature of the contract through to the project completion period in terms of organization, time frame, workload, budget, etc.

In this capacity:

Ensure successful transition to the project and contribute to prepare, organize and validate the project launch:

Establish and update project requirements baseline in a collaborative work with the Bid Manager and the Capture Leader,

Establish and update project execution baseline (project structure, work package description, partners and supplier contractual data, management plans, costs, budgets and financial structure, resourced schedule, risks and mitigations)

Establish and update project key decision data (contingencies, strategy, business case)

Initialize the project: identify the key project stakeholders, set the project team, organize the project structuring activities, start-up project activities, identify and allocate the source project requirements

Manage the financial aspects of the acquisition strategy: ¬´ Make or Buy ¬ª strategy, suppliers consultation and negotiation, signing contract, contract‚Äôs execution and closure

Lead the project launch review and involves all stakeholders: project team, Management Plan and associated documents (WBS, OBS, schedule, budget allocations‚Ä¶), industrial scenario, project charter, team charter‚Ä¶

Execute, monitor and control the project :

Start the work packages,

Control the project and ensure the respect of the stakeholders‚Äô commitments, while mastering risks and opportunities,

Control requirements, costs and schedule during all the project life cycle

Manage project quality and customer and stakeholders overall satisfaction

Manage legal and contractual requirements including handling disputes

Conduct regular progress review meetings, reporting the project progress to the company senior management

Close the project (archiving of documents, closing of the expenditure authorizations) by capitalizing and sharing on enterprise experience (lessons learnt)

The Identity and Biometrics Solutions team is responsible for the design and development of highly innovative components and products, from desktop applications integrating various hardware (biometric devices integration) to high performance server applications, including issuance of official documents in a very secure environment (PKI, encryption, cryptography), and leading the transformation to Digital Driver‚Äôs Licenses.

Key Responsibilities:

Must implement Thales process and procedures.

Must coordinate across teams for prioritization, resource allocation, risk identification and mitigation, and issue resolution.

Responsible for monitoring project variances; preparing EAC (Estimate at Completion) review slides and presenting to management

Must

Provide precise, fact based, relevant information in form of weekly project report internally and externally

Present monthly project dash board with project financials, project KPIs like variance and contingencies

Facilitate risk identification and manage the risks through mitigation actions and corresponding costs

Anticipate and communicate on risks and issues at-least monthly and on as needed basis

Lead issue resolution coordinating experts from various disciplines

Drive the project to ensure customer satisfaction by meeting deadlines, quality specifications, and project profitability

Lead customer interactions for the project

Build project schedule and cost baseline and update project forecast regularly (at-least every month)

Provide visibility of the project progress, making sure to obtain the necessary resources and identifying/resolving issues

Deliver solutions that are cost effective, easy to operate, and generate value

Manage the financial aspects of projects including costs and revenue

Oversee project risks and related action plans

Handle change requests

Work closely with the PMO, Director of Operations, Director of Delivery, and the IT Project Manager ensuring clear communication, business based prioritization, and definition of precise scope and planning

Cultivate and maintain strong partnerships with decision-makers across operations groups (PMO, Procurement, Supply Chain, Data Center, Quality, Software Development and Validation, Manufacturing, Logistics and Ops Finance) to build and continuously improve process to ensure high quality and on-time delivery

Focus on precise planning, forecast, continuous risk and contingency management, change management and timely escalation

Effective communication at all levels of organization

Must ensure compliance of Thales, Customer, Security and all applicable regulations individually and for the project(s)

Required Skills and Experience:

Bachelor‚Äôs Degree in Computer Science or similar field

7+ years of experience in technical/ engineering project management

Prior experience communicating pertinent and technical information to external customers and other stakeholders on a regular basis

Prior experience managing scope and requirements autonomously

At least 2 years of experience building project schedules with Microsoft Project

Prior experience with PM tools ‚Äì Confluence or equivalent, JIRA or equivalent

Experience performing risk management activities such as project cost forecasting, measurement of project cost variance, developing and monitoring project risk contingencies and adherence to KPI‚Äôs

Prior Experience with change management- planning for the various stages of transformational and transitional change, recognizing how people react to it and how it affects the organization

Experience interfacing with external customers

Strong technical understanding of multi-tier enterprise solution in a complex environment- within Thales that translates to: front end, back end, data centers, deployment across locations, hardware deployment, software issues, network to and from locations, and disaster recovery ‚Äìwhich are all part of the project

This position will require up to 25-40% of travel within the US and Canada

Must have U.S. Citizenship in order to obtain the post-hire Criminal Justice Information Services (CJIS) Clearance from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and must be able to obtain post-hire clearance from the Committee on Foreign Investments in the U.S. (CFIUS) and Department of Treasury

Preferred Skills and Experience:

PMP certification

Candidates that are team oriented, data driven and results focused

Ability to prioritize multiple aspects simultaneously

Experience with Cloud (AWS), mobile app development (iOS/Android) project, and/ or cybersecurity

#LI-Hyrbid

This position will require successfully completing a post-offer background check. Qualified candidates with (a) criminal history will be considered and are not automatically disqualified, consistent with federal law, state law, and local ordinances.

Successful applicant must comply with federal contractor vaccine mandate requirements.

Thales champions inclusion and we believe diversity strengthens the fabric of our culture. We are an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law

If you need an accommodation or assistance in order to apply for a position with Thales, please contact us at talentacquisition@us.thalesgroup.com.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show More Locations: US Remote, United States of America

Senior Manager, Cyber Product Management, Data Protection and DLP Solutions (Remote)

Capital One is seeking a technical security solution/product leader to deliver game-changing cybersecurity solutions based on threat, data, and design thinking. At Capital One, we believe in the values of Excellence and Doing the Right Thing. We are a technology-oriented company delivering financial products to market through modern technology and constant innovation at a massive scale. Part of that innovation is leveraging technology to deliver the best cybersecurity solutions for the business.

As a candidate for this role, you’re able to seamlessly switch from executive-level risk conversations to diving deep into controls and technology to driving high level, strategic discussions around roadmaps, outcomes, and security solutions. You are naturally curious and stay on top of emerging trends and threats. You are not afraid to question any existing processes and solutions, yet you display a keen sense of business value proposition and focus on the right priorities. You are a clear thinker, thrive in working across teams, and an expert in dealing with ambiguity. You believe that a core component of security’s role is to enable the business, not just to secure it, and the solutions you bring to life are aligned to the needs of our developer community and business partners. You thrive in working in a fast paced, technologically forward leaning environment and are not afraid to push the boundaries of security capabilities.


What you'll do...

Develop and communicate a risk-based and data-driven strategy and outcome-driven roadmap for enterprise security services and solutions, in partnership with engineering and operations partners, customers, and other stakeholders

Analyze and select alternatives based on threat, risk, desirability, feasibility, and viability

Advise executive decision makers based on business and technology risk grounded in threat

Maintain technical and risk credibility with your own team and with partners across the enterprise

Maintain close ties to developers across the company, ensuring the services we create meet their needs as products evolve

Iterate quickly and see the products through to production and scale

Establish product value propositions, metrics, and key indicators

Recruit, motivate, mentor, and lead talent to be their best


About You...

You have strong consulting and analytical skills

You have the ability to foster collaborative, open, working relationships with technology groups and other stakeholders, including vendor relationships

You have demonstrated clear communication skills and ability to interact effectively at all levels of an organization, and to influence senior management and executives (Including translating technical information based on specific audiences)

You have experience managing multiple high-visibility and high-impact enterprise cybersecurity projects with cross-functional teams while maintaining superior results including planning, development and management of technical requirements, design, testing and deployment of security solutions

You have passion and expertise in one or more of the following areas: cloud security, network security, product security, DevSecOps, application security, network security and exploitation, vulnerability management, data protection, DLP, host & endpoint security, detection & mitigation, threat intelligence & investigations, or identity & access management.


Basic Qualifications:

High School Diploma, GED or equivalent certification

At least 6 years experience in cybersecurity

At least 3 years of experience translating cybersecurity strategy and analysis into product requirements and key objectives


Preferred Qualifications:

Bachelor’s or an advanced degree in Computer Science or related discipline

5+ years of people leadership experience

3+ years experience in data protection and data loss prevention (DLP)

3+ years in public cloud security and multi-cloud environments

3+ years scaled agile product management experience

Experience in regulated financial services organizations

Professional certifications (e.g., CISSP, GIAC (various), CISM, CCSP, CISA, CRISC, SAFe Product Management, AWS Security, AWS Advanced Networking Specialty, AWS Solutions Architect)


At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.

The minimum and maximum full-time annual salaries for this role are listed below, by location. Please note that this salary information is solely for candidates hired to perform work within one of these locations, and refers to the amount Capital One is willing to pay at the time of this posting. Salaries for part-time roles will be prorated based upon the agreed upon number of hours to be regularly worked.

Location is New York City

$222,589 and $262,605 for Sr Manager, Cyber Technical

Location is Colorado

$207,504 and $244,808 for Sr Manager, Cyber Technical

Candidates hired to work in other locations will be subject to the pay range associated with that location, and the actual annualized salary amount offered to any candidate at the time of hire will be reflected solely in the candidate’s offer letter.

No agencies please. Capital One is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City’s Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia’s Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.

If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.

For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com

Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.

Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less Looking for an experienced Oracle Identity and Access Management SME to lead the architecture, analysis, design, development, integration, and implementation of Oracle Identity and Access Management (OIAM) solutions, utilizing the Oracle IDM Suite.

Responsibilities:

· Perform as-is and to-be architecture analysis and develop physical and logical architecture models for the identity and access management components and related systems/applications

· Collaborate with customers to collect, analyze & document requirements

· Design highly available and scalable solutions to meet customer requirements

· Provide hands-on consulting and technical support throughout the project life cycle

· Install, configure, and customize components and associated processes and policies

· Integrate OIAM software components with customers applications, directories, and systems

· Develop and maintain OIM OOTB and custom workflows, components, and rules

· Integrate OIM with OID, OUD, OVD and MS Active Directory

· Implement and maintain OIM connectors for LDAP Sync

· Manage day-to-day efforts toward project accomplishments.

· Participate in project planning and project status communications.

· Provide leadership, direction, and mentoring to junior team members.

· The position requires the ability to work individually or in a team environment.

· Prioritization of day-to-day activities and long-term project-oriented tasks is essential.

Requirements:

· The position requires excellent verbal and written communication skills.

· Bachelor's or Associate’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Software Engineering or another engineering major or equivalent experience

· Thorough understanding of authentication and authorization mechanisms, including Single Sign-On, Identity Federation, MFA, Entitlements, SAML, XACML, etc.

· 5 years of experience technical consulting with architecting, designing, and implementing Oracle Identity & Access Management solutions, using Oracle Access Manager, Oracle Identity Manager, and one or more of the following technologies

· Oracle Internet Directory / Unified Directory (OID/OUD)

· Oracle Virtual Directory (OVD)

· Oracle Identity Federation (OIF)

· Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML)

· Oracle SOA Suite and BI Publisher supporting Oracle IAM

· Experience integrating OIAM components with directory services, including OID/OUD, MS Active Directory, OpenLDAP

· Experience implementing single sign-on solutions for web based applications utilizing username/password, tokens, SAML, and two-factor authentication mechanisms

· Experience integrating and onboarding applications (Oracle E-Business Suite, Oracle Business Intelligence Suite, SOA/BPM, WebLogic) with OIAM Suite

· Solid understanding of authentication, authorization, SSO, and LDAP best practices

· Ability to diagnose and troubleshoot issues on the OIAM platform

Job Type: Contract

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote

Show Less Looking for IAM Engineer to help with driving enterprise identity and access management architecture, enabling automation and self-service capabilities that stream identity lifecycle. Responsible for supporting the planning, design, development, and deployment of a centralized identity and access management (IAM) solution. Provide subject matter expertise in a variety of technical and non-technical settings. Work collaboratively with technology and business groups to conceive, design, and implement IAM solutions that solve business problems.

Key contributor to the strategy, design, and management of the enterprise IAM program:

Build a strong IAM foundation. Integrate IAM systems with in-house applications and third-party applications
Translate high level requirements into detailed technical designs, and lead design sessions and code walkthrough
Design IAM processes and identify opportunities for improvements
Work across functions to improve IAM solutions to enhance compliance requirements and best practices
Build and develop systems and processes to enforce least privilege in a transparent way
Design, develop, test, implement, and document the IAM solution to meet program requirements
Engineer technical configuration changes to deployed solutions
Develop documentation to support ongoing IAM systems operations, maintenance, and specific problem resolution
Provides technical leadership and mentors and consults with less experienced engineers in planning, methods, procedures, standards, and best practices.


Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience with 6+ years
Possess thorough theoretical and practical understanding of own discipline
Proven implementation of creative technology solutions that advanced the business.
Excellent written and oral English communication skills.
6+ years’ experience with IAM (OIM and/or OTKA). Strong development experience in implementing the lifecycle management (LCM) events, workflows, rules, and custom reports.
Extensive experience with application design, integration, and deployment in an integrated IT environment. Must know how to plan, prototype, test, deploy and maintain a solution.
Strong understanding of Role Based Access Control, SOD and Access Certification
Experience on preparing the product documentation, test cases, test plans and support process
Solid understanding of database architecture and concepts
Deep knowledge of agile processes and workflows




At AbbVie, we value bringing together individuals from diverse backgrounds to develop new and innovative solutions for patients. As an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer, we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy), physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, protected veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristic. If you would like to view a copy of the company’s affirmative action plan or policy statement, please email CorpJat_ABV@abbvie.com.

Show More Manager, Identity Access Management
American Public Education, Inc.

Manage a team of Identity & Access Management (IAM) resources. Act as an individual contributor with extensive subject matter expertise to shape the IAM capability roadmap and timeline and ensure those capabilities meet business needs and security standards and comply with firm policy. Achieve strategic objectives in IAM using breakthrough thinking to create strategic plans and roadmap plans; ensure an overall architecture with consistent uses of data and significant reuse of technology and business services throughout building design; drive integration across all aspects of identity architecture. Build a collaborative commitment to IAM strategy by considering and evaluating different points of view; create a cohesive argument and improve the portfolio planning model.

Responsibilities:

Minimum of ten years of recent experience supporting an IAM technology team and technical projects
Experience in an IT environment as an architect delivering enterprise solutions in the IAM domain; Strong knowledge in user provisioning, directory services, authentication, authorization, public key infrastructure, and identity federation
Hands-on experience with large-scale enterprise identity and access management hands-on experience with Azure AD (AAD), Microsoft Active Directory (AD), and LDAP; a firm understanding of API Gateway tool(s)
Proven experience with working with IAM in Azure, Office 365, and AWS and working with IAM utilizing Cloud Identity Brokers; Experience with scripting and/or development tools used with application integration into identity and access management systems.
Proven experience with working with IAM in Azure, Office 365 and working with IAM utilizing Cloud Identity Brokers; Experience with scripting and/or development tools used with application integration into identity and access management systems

Required Skills:



Ability to work independently with minimal supervision.
Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines.
Ability to multi-task daily.
Ability to be organized, detail-oriented, and produce accurate work.
Ability to design and generate creative solutions.
Must be a team player.
Must have a strong work ethic.
Must be professional and friendly.
Must be dependable and trustworthy.
Ability to communicate effectively through verbal and written English via multiple online and electronic formats.
Must have excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills.

Required Experience:

Computer Science, Information Technology, or equivalent experience required.
Minimum seven years of experience in Identity and Access Management in Azure.
Strong experience building and supporting Azure environments.
Strong knowledge of Azure Active Directory and Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS) required.

Colorado Pay Law/NYC Pay Transparency Law

If you are a Colorado or New York City resident and this role is available in Colorado, New York City or remote, you may be eligible to receive additional information about the compensation and benefits for this role, which we will provide upon request. Please send an email to recruiting@apei.com

About Us:

Online, on campus and in the workplace, we provide higher education and training to our country’s heroes – military service members, veterans, nurses, government employees, and motivated professionals that want to make a difference. American Public Education, Inc. educates service-minded students, ranging from the military, public service, federal agencies, and nursing communities, through American Public University System (APUS), Hondros College of Nursing (HCON), Rasmussen University and Graduate School USA (GSUSA).

It is the policy of American Public University System (APUS) and American Public Education, Inc. (APEI) to afford equal opportunity to all qualified persons. We treat all qualified individuals equally as to their recruitment, hiring, assignments, advancements, compensation, and all other terms and conditions of employment. of American Public University System (APUS) does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, or physical, mental, or sensory disability, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Show Less 
ReportMaven is the largest virtual clinic for women's and family health, offering continuous, holistic care for fertility and family building through maternity, parenting, pediatrics and menopause. Maven's award-winning digital programs are trusted by leading employers and health plans to reduce costs and drive better maternal health outcomes, as well as enhance DE&I in benefits programs. Founded in 2014 by CEO Kate Ryder, Maven has been recognized as Fast Company's #1 Most Innovative Health Company and has grown to 15 million lives covered. Maven has raised $300 million in funding from leading investors including General Catalyst, Sequoia, Oak HC/FT, Dragoneer Investment Group and Lux Capital.
An award-winning culture working towards an important mission – Maven Clinic is a recipient of over 20 workplace and innovation awards, including:
Fast Company Best Workplaces for Innovators (2022)
Fortune Best Workplaces NY (2020, 2021, 2022)
Great Place to Work certified (2020, 2021, 2022)
Inc. Best Workplaces (2022)
CNBC Disruptor 50 List (2022)
Built In NYC Best Paying Companies (2022)
Built In LGBTQIA+ Advocacy Award (2022)

About the team:

Maven is looking for a Vice President, Engineering for our scaling engineering organization. You will collaborate with the SVP of Engineering to execute an inspiring and strategic technical vision - defining engineering's role in meeting Maven's goals. To do this, you will lead an engineering management team, ensuring they have the right resources, systems and tools to be set up for success. You will work with functional leadership across the organization, developing particularly strong relationships with product, design, care and provider operations to ensure engineering works in synergy to deliver world-class software products at scale.

To make our mission a reality, your skills will be accountable to:

Develop strategy for an area of the Engineering org that is capable of delivering on business priorities, supporting a growing team, and investing in scalable technology
Set and achieve hiring goals and build efficient onboarding for new team members as we rapidly scale to meet market demand
Build pathways for career progression, enabling engineers to grow - evangelize the job architecture to ensure clarity and opportunity for engineers at Maven
Execute on developing secure and compliant systems for Maven's users and customers, partnering closely with Legal and building a security function that meets the needs of healthcare organizations
Build teams within your area of engineering, that deliver high quality software, minimizing defects that reach customers, while monitoring observability and incident response processes to drive improvements
Organize and foster an Agile environment that delivers using best practices in Architecture, Security, and Compliance is a personal passion of yours
Develop staffing logic and strategic workforce plans in collaboration with the rest of Engineering leadership and the SVP of Engineering
In partnership with the SVP of Engineering, your peers and direct reports, implement appropriate metrics to measure and motivate productivity and engagement across engineering
Facilitate collaboration between engineering and product teams in solving exciting and challenging problems across the platform
Build on current strategies to attract, hire, engage and retain diverse talent.
Effectively communicate plans, roadblocks, and updates to other functional leadership across Maven



Minimum Qualifications

10+ years of experience in leading, managing, coaching an area of an engineering organization to deliver high quality software, preferably in high growth, startup environments
Scaling out a high-growth engineering organization, having built and managed teams over 50+
Building scalable technical architecture and maintaining complex systems
Fostering a culture of accountability and building processes that enable productive teams and predictable development
Partnering with engineering leadership and other functional leaders to drive company strategy and planning
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Experience attracting, hiring, engaging and retaining diverse talent
Experience building and maintaining a complex set of systems
Experience working with product leadership to deliver on time and on target
Experience working within some form of privacy, security, or regulatory constraints



For candidates in NYC or CO, the salary range for this role is $275,000 - $380,000 per year. You may also be entitled to receive a bonus, stock options, and benefits. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, experience level, and skillset.

At Maven we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams.

Benefits & Perks:

We are reimagining what a supportive workplace looks like, from the inside out. On top of standards such as employer-covered health, dental, and insurance plan options, and generous PTO, we offer an all-of-you, inclusive approach to benefits:

Maven for Mavens: access to the full platform and specialists, including care for everything from mental health, reproductive health, family planning, pediatrics.
Whole-self care through wellness partnerships
Weekly breakfast, lunch, and get-togethers
16 weeks 100% paid parental leave, flexible time upon return, and $1.5K/mo for 2 months, new parent stipend (for Mavens who've been with us at least six months)
Udemy, annual professional development stipend, and access to a personal career coach through Maven
401K matching for US-based employees (immediately vesting)

These benefits are applicable to Maven Clinic Co., US-based, full-time employees only. 1099/Contract Providers are ineligible for these benefits.

At Maven, creating a safe and inclusive environment for all is our top priority. If you'll be going into our offices or joining company-organized events, please note that Maven requires all employees to be vaccinated against COVID-19 and have received the bivalent booster.

Maven is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information. Maven is committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. Maven Clinic interview requests and job offers only originate from an @mavenclinic.com email address (e.g jsmith@mavenclinic.com). Maven Clinic will never ask for sensitive information to be delivered over email or phone.

Show Less 
ReportMicrosoft Cloud Hardware Infrastructure Engineering (CHIE) is the team behind Microsoft’s expanding Cloud Infrastructure and responsible for powering Microsoft’s “Intelligent Cloud” mission. CHIE delivers the core infrastructure and foundational technologies for Microsoft's over 200 online businesses including Bing, MSN, Office 365, Xbox Live, Skype, OneDrive and the Microsoft Azure platform globally with our server and data center infrastructure, security and compliance, operations, globalization, and manageability solutions. Our focus is on smart growth, high efficiency, and delivering a trusted experience to customers and partners worldwide and we are looking for passionate, high energy engineers to help achieve that mission.

As Microsoft's cloud business continues to grow the ability to deploy new offerings and HW infrastructure on time, in high volume with high quality and lowest cost is of paramount importance. We are looking for seasoned engineers with a strong passion for customer focused solutions, insight and industry knowledge to envision and implement future technical solutions that will manage and optimize the Cloud infrastructure.

We are looking for a Senior Program Manager to join the team!

This role can be worked up to 100% remote in the U.S.

#azurehwjobs
Responsibilities
Lead the construction, deployment, and support of internal data quality, business intelligence, and data science solutions from a variety of sources.
Onboard new data streams, metrics, and reporting capabilities.
Integrate with our engineering partners to work on v-next versions of data and reporting products.
Drive business value and impact using and improving upon in-house data solutions.

Qualifications

Required Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Business, Statistics, Data Science, or equivalent industry experience.
5+ years of experience as a program manager or leading technical teams.
Experience implementing and maintaining team collaboration in work tracking systems (Azure DevOps, TFS, JIRA, etc.).


Preferred Qualifications:

Master’s or PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Data Science, or related field.
Experience preferred in Hardware Program Management.
Outstanding problem solving and leadership skills.
Flexibility and works well in a virtual team environment.
Background experience in any of the following domains, languages, or environments:
Kusto (Azure Data Explorer), Azure DevOps. Python / R., Machine learning, Regression (inference); causal modeling / experiment design.
Deploying solutions in Azure or other cloud platforms.
Visualization frameworks, such as Altair, Plotly, ggplot2, D3.
Knowledge of server hardware, quality testing, or manufacturing processes.
Knowledge of advanced statistical models.

Salary Disclosure:

The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $112,000 - $218,400 per year.
Microsoft has different base pay ranges for different work locations within the United States, which allows us to pay employees competitively and consistently in different geographic markets (see below). The range above reflects the potential base pay across the U.S. for this role (except as noted below); the applicable base pay range will depend on what ultimately is determined to be the candidate’s primary work location. Individual base pay depends on various factors, in addition to primary work location, such as complexity and responsibility of role, job duties/requirements, and relevant experience and skills. Base pay ranges are reviewed and typically updated each year. Offers are made within the base pay range applicable at the time.

At Microsoft certain roles are eligible for additional rewards, including merit increases, annual bonus and stock. These awards are allocated based on individual performance. In addition, certain roles also have the opportunity to earn sales incentives based on revenue or utilization, depending on the terms of the plan and the employee’s role. Benefits/perks listed here may vary depending on the nature of employment with Microsoft and the country work location. U.S.-based employees have access to healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan and company match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, and wellbeing benefits, among others.
There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $145,800 - $238,600 per year.

Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.

Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
Show Less 
ReportOur Firm
American Century Investments® is a leading global asset manager focused on delivering investment results and building long-term client relationships while supporting research that can improve human health and save lives. Founded in 1958, the firm’s 1,400 employees serve financial professionals, institutions, corporations and individual investors, offering a wide range of investment strategies across a variety of investment disciplines.
We are committed to providing institutional-quality, actively managed solutions with a performance-centered mindset. Our expertise spans global growth equity, global value equity, disciplined equity, multi-asset strategies, global fixed income, alternatives and ETFs.
Privately controlled and independent, we focus solely on investment management. This empowers us to align our decisions with client expectations and concentrate on their long-term money management needs.
Our culture of winning behaviors exemplifies our dedication to clients every single day. Delivering investment results enables us to distribute over 40% of our dividends—more than $1.8 billion — to the Stowers Institute for Medical Research, a 500-person, non-profit basic biomedical research organization with a controlling interest in American Century Investments. Our dividend payments provide ongoing financial support for the Institute’s work of uncovering the causes, treatments and prevention of life-threatening diseases, like cancer.
For more information, please visit americancentury.com.
The Manager of Identity & Access Management (IAM) will report directly to the CISO to deliver the highest quality security services to American Century’s business units and customers. You will maintain the rules and controls for Information Security to protect our information assets, works with critical and sensitive information, and is relied upon to maintain security and least privileged safeguards. In this role, you will work closely with Provisioning Analysts, Engineers, Architects, Operation teams, and other technology-skilled Individuals. The role is required to provide senior-level guidance and application of both real-world experiences along with following education-based standard methodologies. The ideal candidate has a strong drive and passion for Information Security, specifically the IAM space. They appreciate the value it brings to the business and have a strong motivation to work toward continuous improvement. This position provides Hybrid work environment.
Qualifications:
Expert knowledge of IAM technologies such as: MS Active Directory, Okta, Privileged Access Management, multi-factor authentication, AWS Identity and Access Management, and Microsoft AD, to name a few
5 years of leading an Identity and Access management program, preferably for a medium to large size company
8 years of direct IAM experience
Ability to build and manage a collaborative environment for the team and other partners to conduct problem solving, and implementing changes based on evolving business needs
Strong collaborative experience with auditors and compliance teams
Ability to work in a matrixed and collaborative environment
The Identity and Access Management Manager performs daily functions required to maintain the rules and controls for Information Security to protect ACI’s information assets, works with critical and sensitive information, and is relied upon to maintain security and least privileged safeguards
The role is required to provide senior-level guidance and application of both real-world experiences along with following education-based standard methodologies
Responsibilities:
Redesign, create, build/enhance, and provide governance and operational oversight to the IAM program at ACI, including access management and access attestation in a hybrid cloud environment.
Identifies and evaluates complex business, technology risks, and impact of current decisions related to user access, data access, and information security
Leads a team that builds IAM processes, provisions and or removes access to data, systems, and applications in a global environment
Responsible for managing lifecycle of all user and privileged accounts from provisioning to deletion
Creates a strong automation program for appropriate access processes
Develop, maintain, and report service level management metrics for Identity Access requests
Manage Identity Access incidents and resolve password and access issues within prescribed SLAs
Create and lead a strong multi-factor authentication program, as well as remote access schemas
Aligns IAM processes across the organization, and develops and documents standards for organizational use
Leads a team of identity access management professionals
Provides support to their direct reports
Educates all stakeholder, internal and external, on Identity Access Management policies, processes, and procedures
Leads process improvement and process optimization projects to reduce access provisioning times
Partner with Software Engineering teams to develop optimal role-based access controls for enterprise applications
Seeks out opportunities to collaborate with partners from the various lines of business and functional areas
Monitor IAM services and operations to resolve functional, systematic, and infrastructure issues
Document changes, enhancements, and lifecycle events
Promote and socialize Information Security best practices, standards, and governance
Proactively identify future needs for Identity Access Management (IAM) services
Solid experience with supporting, maintaining, and enhancing identity platforms, systems, applications, including Sailpoint, Saviynt, Service-Now, Azure, Active Directory, and various Multi-factor Authentication services
Strong working knowledge of Microsoft applications and cloud-based software (e.g. O365, Azure, Power Products)
Strong working knowledge of Amazon cloud-based products (e.g AWS, EC2, Pipeline Automation)
Scripting knowledge, PowerShell, and python experience is a requirement
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills. Organized with attention to detail.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Models the American Century Investments Winning Behaviors: Client Focused, Courageous and Accountable, Collaborative, Curious and Adaptable, Competitively Driven, Adheres to the highest ethical standards and business practices, and Supports a culture of compliance
Additional Requirements:
As a global firm with offices in several cities, we will uphold any local regulations regarding COVID-19 precautions and/or vaccination requirements for the workplace.
American Century Investments is committed to complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act and all other applicable Equal Employment Opportunity laws and regulations. As such, American Century strives to provide a reasonable accommodation to any qualified individual under the ADA to perform essential job functions.
American Century Investments believes all individuals are entitled to equal employment opportunity and advancement opportunities without regard to race, religious creed, color, sex, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age for individuals forty years of age and older, military and veteran status, sexual orientation, and any other basis protected by applicable federal, state and local laws. ACI does not discriminate or adopt any policy that discriminates against an individual or any group of individuals on any of these bases.
©2019 American Century Proprietary Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.
Show Less Our Purpose
We work to connect and power an inclusive, digital economy that benefits everyone, everywhere by making transactions safe, simple, smart and accessible. Using secure data and networks, partnerships and passion, our innovations and solutions help individuals, financial institutions, governments and businesses realize their greatest potential. Our decency quotient, or DQ, drives our culture and everything we do inside and outside of our company. We cultivate a
culture of inclusion
for all employees that respects their individual strengths, views, and experiences. We believe that our differences enable us to be a better team – one that makes better decisions, drives innovation and delivers better business results.
Job Title
Manager, Fraud and Risk Management, Cyber and Intelligence Solutions
Manager, Fraud and Risk Management, Cyber and Intelligence Solutions

Overview

The Cyber and Intelligence (C&I) team is responsible for product management and innovative product development of products and services to address the evolving risk and security needs of all of Mastercard’s various customer segments. The C&I team was established with the responsibility to integrate all aspects of safety, security, and intelligence in payments and have made great strides with new products, services and standards, positively impacting all aspects of our current and future payment eco-system.

The Manager, Fraud and Risk Management, will focus on advancing the broader resiliency suite of services by setting and managing the fraud and risk strategy across the resiliency platform. The resiliency platform is an issuer focused suite of on-behalf authorization services requiring embedded fraud prevention and risk management. This role requires close collaboration with other C&I teams (engineering and product owners), as well as partnership with the Regions and Operations & Technology. The Manager will need to be innovative and a demonstrated self-starter.

Role


Maintain principal responsibility for the strategy, identification, management and enhancement of fraud and risk prevention rules, securing authorizations within the payment resiliency platform
Analyze network and system data to identify opportunities to enhance and/or refine business rules to ensure optimal performance and overall customer satisfaction
Generate reporting and metrics to gauge and monitor individual and overall performance of the solution and individual customers as needed
Leverage cross-functional teams, systems, and processes as required to prioritize and/or proactively address customer performance improvement needs and measure customer satisfaction
Remain relevant on latest fraud trends and industry best-practices
Establish fraud reporting connections into the payment resiliency suite of services

All About You


Demonstrated track record achieving business targets and building business relationships
Experience with financial institution risk strategies related to card products is strongly desired
Expertise in authoring and analyzing fraud rules required; experience with rules authoring through Boolean logic and/or SQL is desired
Understanding of key business drivers and performance metrics as it relates to fraud rules/risk management
Ability to translate analysis into actionable business rules
Business acumen with the ability to provide solutions that drive positive results for the customer and Mastercard
Ability to think and act creatively to develop and implement solutions that benefit Mastercard and customers
Ability to interact and coordinate effectively with internal and external business partners
Superior oral and written communication, problem solving, product documentation, and product development skills
Demonstrated leadership in taking accountability and acting with a sense of urgency
Demonstrated ability to multi-task, establish priorities and work independently under pressure and with limited supervisionIn the US, Mastercard is an inclusive Equal Employment Opportunity employer that considers applicants without regard to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, disabled or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you require accommodations or assistance to complete the online application process, please contact reasonable_accommodation@mastercard.com and identify the type of accommodation or assistance you are requesting. Do not include any medical or health information in this email. The Reasonable Accommodations team will respond to your email promptly.
Corporate Security Responsibility
All activities involving access to Mastercard assets, information, and networks comes with an inherent risk to the organization and, therefore, it is expected that every person working for, or on behalf of, Mastercard is responsible for information security and must:
Abide by Mastercard’s security policies and practices;
Ensure the confidentiality and integrity of the information being accessed;
Report any suspected information security violation or breach, and
Complete all periodic mandatory security trainings in accordance with Mastercard’s guidelines.


NYC Salary Range: $136,800 - $212,400

Westchester County Salary Range: $131,100 - $203,550

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportOVERVIEW

A thriving, mission-driven multimedia organization, NPR produces award-winning news, information, and music programming in partnership with hundreds of independent public radio stations across the nation. The NPR audience values information, creativity, curiosity, and social responsibility – and our employees do too. We are innovators and leaders in diverse fields, from journalism and digital media to IT and development. Every day, our employees and member stations touch the lives of millions worldwide.

Across our organization, we're building a workplace where collaboration is essential, diverse voices are heard, and inclusion is the key to our success. We are committed to doing the right thing in our journalism and in every role at NPR.This means that integrity, adherence to our ethical standards, and compliance with legal obligations are fundamental responsibilities for every employee at NPR.

As part of the NPR Digital Media team, you'll work at the intersection of all NPR divisions to grow and diversify our digital platform audience and facilitate the audience's journey toward an engaged, long-term relationship with NPR and its Member Stations.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Plan the technical delivery of initiatives in collaboration with internal and third party developers
Create and prioritize platform requirements to meet timelines and scope commitments
Shape the IAM product vision by partnering with stakeholders and cross-platform teams
Manage key deliverables including: statements of work, implementation checklists, deliverables and schedule commitments, coordinating end user testing and sign-off from stakeholders
Create a product roadmap and maintain a backlog of requests for IAM product enhancements, and integrations
Create, update and improve process, and documentation artifacts
Grow and scale our product and services, applying the latest technologies and best practices
Work closely with our cross-platform Product Managers and Designers to define new features and enhancements
Inspire a culture of innovation and experimentation on the team



REQUIRED SKILLS

3+ years of experience as a product manager or similar product/project role.
Experience with federated SSO (single sign on), MFA (multi-factor authentication), LCA (Lifecycle management) provisioning, and IGA (Identity Governance and Administration)
Knowledge of Identity, Access and Management systems
Deployment knowledge of Akamai, Okta, and Salesforce
Understanding of Agile and continuous integration
Comfort in leading data-driven decision making and collaborating with financial and analytics counterparts.
Excellent communication and collaboration skills
Experience working closely with cross-platform teams
Positive attitude, great team player, and continuously interested in improving the team and the product

Does this sound like you? If so, we want to hear from you. All applications must include a resume to be considered.

NPR mandates that employees are vaccinated against COVID-19 as a condition of employment, subject to reasonable accommodation as required by law and any other applicable law.

Want more NPR? Explore the stories behind the stories on our NPR Extra blog. Get social with NPR Extra on Facebook and following @NPRExtra and #NPRLife on Twitter and Instagram. Find more career opportunities at NPR.org/careers and on Twitter at @NPRJobs.

NPR is an Equal Opportunity Employer. NPR is committed to being an inclusive workplace that welcomes diverse and unique perspectives, all working toward the same goal – to create a more informed public. Qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, national origin, ancestry, age, religion, religious belief, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, lactation, and reproductive health decisions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, transgender status, gender non-conforming status, intersex status, sexual stereotypes, nationality, citizenship status, personal appearance, marital status, family status, family responsibilities, military status, veteran status, mental and physical disability, medical condition, genetic information, genetic characteristics of yourself or a family member, political views and affiliation, unemployment status, protective order status, status as a victim of domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking, or any other basis prohibited under applicable law.

You may read NPR's privacy policy to learn about how NPR may handle information you submit with any application.

Show Less Overview:
POSITION SUMMARY:

The Identity and Access Management Manager (IAM Manager) is responsible for the planning, building, delivery and support of the IAM program. This IAM Manager will provide direction and guidance to the development, specifications and communications of the IAM applications and architecture, as well as provide in-depth technical consultation to the business units and IT management and assist in developing plans and direction for the integration of information security requirements.

Responsibilities:
Essential DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Aligns IAM processes across the organization, and develops and documents standards for organizational use
Establishes an IAM strategy/roadmap – to include evaluating existing and emerging technologies and tools
Understands business and information technology management processes and demonstrates advanced understanding of business processes, internal control risk management, IT controls and related standards
Facilitates the use of technology-based tools or methodologies to review, design and/or implement products and services to provide a strong IAM program that balances access with compliance and confidentiality
Identifies and evaluates complex business and technology risks, internal controls that mitigate risks, and related opportunities for internal control improvement
Identifies the broader impact of current decisions related to user access, data access and information security
Fosters an understanding of the need for and application of the IAM system, and facilitates decision making with key stakeholders
Develops and expands privileged access management processes, tooling, and maturity
Qualifications:
SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE/ABILITIES:
Strong oral and written communication skills
Ability to lead and manage a team independently
Ability to translate security-related matters into business terms that are clear and understandable to executives
Able to work with program management and procurement to ensure financial and delivery commitments are maintained
Thinks outside the box when designing systems and solutions
Able to navigate a demanding and high-pressure environment
Can think strategically and incorporate business needs into technical roadmaps
Strong problem-solving and trouble-shooting skills


EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE:
Undergraduate degree in computer science, information systems, cybersecurity, or a related field preferred.
Experience working in the financial services industry preferred
Solid understanding of project management principles.
Experience working with IAM concepts in a hybrid cloud environment
Identity management expertise in multiple of the following areas: single sign-on (SSO), identity federation, enterprise directory architecture and design, privileged access management, identity and access governance (role-based access control, access request and certification, user life cycle management processes, and organizational change management).
Experience with administrating authentication technologies, such as Microsoft Active Directory/Windows authentication, OpenLDAP, Kerberos, OpenID Connect, OAuth, and federated identity management
Certifications, Licenses, and/or Registration
CISSP, CISM or other security certification preferred.
Project Management Professional (PMP) certification preferred.

The salary range for this role is $125,000 to $175,000; however, Bayview considers several factors when extending an offer, including but not limited to, the role and associated responsibilities, a candidate’s work experience.
Physical Demands and Work Environment
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and use hands to handle, touch or feel objects, tools, or controls. The employee frequently is required to talk and hear. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; reach with hands and arms. The employee is rarely required to stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, and the ability to adjust focus. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

EEOC
Bayview is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. All aspects of consideration for employment and employment with the Company are governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less Position Purpose:
Protecting what matters most to our associates and consumers by securing our sensitive data and critical assets from current and emerging threats. At The Home Depot, Cybersecurity consists of Architecture, Governance, Identity & Access Management, Internal Threat Operations, Issue and Compliance Management, Risk Assessment/Advisory, Security Consulting, Security Operations, Service Optimization and Strategic Planning.

Major Tasks, Responsibilities & Key Accountabilities:
100% Deliver Execution, Plans & Aligns, Develop Others - Collaborate across teams to reduce vulnerabilities, risks and incident management; Drive execution of solution delivery; Guide teams in strategy, alignment, analysis and execution to ensure priorities objectives/deliverable are met; Provide leadership, mentoring and coaching to direct reports

Nature and Scope:
This position typically reports to Sr. Manager or Director

This position has 6-10 Direct Reports

Environmental Job Requirements:

Environment:
1. Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.

Travel:
No travel required.

Standard Minimum Qualifications:
Must be eighteen years of age or older.
Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.

Education Required:
The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a bachelor's degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job.

Years of Relevant Work Experience:
8 years

Physical Requirements:
Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.

Additional Qualifications:
2+ years of previous leadership experience

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies:

Decision Quality
Drives Engagement
Develops Talent
Manages Conflict

Pay Rate: $240,000 - $170,000

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less Product Manager

Location: flexible within the United States; some travel may be required

Position is available: immediately

WHO WE ARE

Every student deserves opportunities in life, and every educator committed to providing those opportunities deserves support. Those beliefs drive us to work alongside schools to support great teaching so that we can work towards guaranteeing that all students are receiving high quality instruction. We partner with over 900 schools - both district and charter - in underserved communities around the country, thus impacting more than 330,000 students. Third-party evaluations confirm that when schools have the right basic conditions in place and partner with ANet, they achieve 6-8 months of additional learning over a two-year period compared to schools not partnering with ANet.

At ANet we are committed to living out our core values, both across our organization and with our partners. We acknowledge that systemic inequities impact student access to opportunities and that in order to ensure educational equity for all students, we must center on the experiences of those from marginalized communities to guide our work. We work to deepen our understanding of how race, class, power and privilege influence the education system as well as influence our own perspectives. To do so, we provide ongoing learning opportunities through org-wide professional development, affinity groups, working groups, and resource sharing.

THE OPPORTUNITY

We are seeking a Product Manager to play a central role in defining, building, evangelizing, and continuously improving ANet's product line in service of educational equity. The ideal candidate will have a passion for understanding and meeting user needs, with experience in developing and launching online products and web applications in a fast-moving entrepreneurial environment. We are seeking a combination of strong vision, high-velocity execution, and relentless bias for action. The Product Manager will report to the Head of Product.

WHAT YOU'LL DO

Ensure teachers and leaders see meaningful impact from our myANet platform by leading a thoughtful product development process end-to-end

? Continually tune and validate hypotheses for how to increase the impact of myANet through ongoing product discovery. In addition to user analytics, engage directly with users through discovery interviews and usability testing

? Collaborate with UX/Design to define user flows and designs. Ensure designs reinforce strong instructional practice that can standalone without active support. Facilitate the collaboration with engineering

? Develop and manage the roadmap and resource allocation. Communicate a clear and compelling vision to engineering, deliver actionable requirements, scope and design creative solutions, articulate detailed feature definitions, and actively monitor progress and re-prioritize to mitigate risk

? Support our sustainability by identifying legacy functionality that no longer delivers value for users

? Coordinate the product launch across ANet's functions. Ensure market readiness by defining success criteria, roles for the organization, and analyzing analytics during rollout

? Mature the product by analyzing user data during launch and prioritizing feedback, reported bugs, and revisiting deprioritized features

Help mature the Product Management function at ANet

? Establish, and evangelize, structures for collaboration across ANet's functions that enable successful product discovery, development, and launch

? Contribute to the design of a product learning trajectory that builds the teams skills and perspectives on core product management competencies

? Prioritize research to stay abreast of market trends, key issues, competitors, and partner offerings

? Participate in, evaluate, and make recommendations for how to improve structures and cadences with engineering and QA teams to increase our effectiveness as a product organization

WHO YOU ARE AND WHAT YOU BRING

In order to be successful in this role and at ANet, candidates must demonstrate the following:

? You have at least 4 years as a product manager with a strong understanding of product discovery and development practices.

? You have a strong understanding of a variety of software development practices, a good intuition for complexity level estimation for different types of software requests, and the ability to quickly and thoroughly reach super-user status with a variety of software solutions.

? You are adept at digging into a variety of data sources, and developing insights that drive your decision making.

? You are a strong project manager who knows how to manage complex technical projects across a diverse set of collaborators, even in ambiguous contexts.

? You are a natural facilitator and able to engage meaningfully with a variety of stakeholders including technical experts, senior leaders, customers, vendors, and content experts.

? You have a passionate commitment to and a sense of urgency for the support of schools, along with a belief that all students can achieve at high levels.

? You are motivated by working in an environment where we live out our core values daily. You are eager to examine personal archetypes and biases while discussing topics related to race, class, and privilege which relate to ANet's Advance Equity and People Matter values, and our work towards becoming an anti-racist organization.

WHAT WE OFFER

Individuals who join ANet have the opportunity to be part of a dynamic, values driven, and team-oriented organization that is committed to having impact in schools by investing in each other and learning together. We were named as The NonProfit Times Best Nonprofits to Work For and work tirelessly to foster a working environment where the unique perspectives, backgrounds, and identities of our staff members are valued.

We offer comprehensive benefits in order to best support our people. Benefits we offer include: medical, dental and vision insurance where ANet pays 80% of the cost of these benefits for employees and their families/domestic partner; generous paid time-off including 10 paid holidays and paid days off between the Christmas and New Year's holidays; paid parental leave; educational expenses reimbursements; flexible spending accounts; professional development; a 401(k) plan with a 4% match; short and long-term disability coverage; and basic life and personal accident insurance. We also offer an inclusive environment where we welcome you to bring your whole self to work every day.

The salary range for this position is $97,200-$145,800. New staff members typically start between the range minimum and midpoint based on qualifications, experience, and internal equity. In order to uphold our commitment to equity, ANet does not negotiate pay.

HOW TO APPLY

We are now accepting applications for this position, which will be reviewed on a rolling basis. Please submit your application online.

ANet has implemented a Mandatory Vaccination Policy, which requires all staff to provide proof of vaccination against COVID-19 or obtain an approval for exemption due to medical or religious reasons prior to commencement of employment unless applicable state or local law provides otherwise.

ANet is committed to maximizing the diversity of our organization. We are an equal opportunity employer and encourage individuals of all ethnic and racial backgrounds and gender identities to apply to our positions.

Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis.








PI196640559

Show Less Project Manager

We are hiring smart, experienced, and motivated Identity and Access Management (IAM) Project Manager to join our implementation and delivery Team. As IAM Project Manager, you will be working with a highly dynamic team and help with the successful delivery of the project. You will be working under direction from the project delivery Director and ensure the project is within time and budget. Additionally, you would have:

Experience and understanding of IAM concepts

Prior project management experience involving one or more of IAM related projects

Experience in building and managing a team and project resources as well as become a focal point to ensure the team gets the right direction to meet project milestones and deliverables

Experience in preparing project plan, budget, key communication templates and managing communication both upward and downward

Experience in managing and overseeing project delivery documents such as system requirements, design, and implementation guides, runbooks, a configuration management guide

Experience in being client single point of contact on all aspect of project delivery and quality

Strong communication skills

Required:
5-7 years in managing IAM projects a must

Active PMP certification a major plus

Knowledgeable on key IAM concepts (Identity Lifecycle, Roles, SOD, workflow development, birthright access, privilege access etc.)

At least two years’ experience with the IAM tools such as Sailpoint, CA Identity Manager, Oracle Identity Manager, Saviynt, Cyberark

Proficient with Microsoft Office suite esp. with Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. Experience with project management tools, issue trackers, budget management tools is essential to the success of this role

Management of project delivery and leading SIT/UAT testing, production rollout and post-production warranty support

Ability to work in highly dynamic project teams, proactive, facilitation, coordination and negotiation skills

Ability to travel up to 75%

BA/BS Degree in Computer Science, Information Security, Engineering, Finance, Business, Math, etc.

Interested? Send your application and resume to career @ credenceia.com
Show Less Requisition ID: R10077055
Category: Information Technology
Location: Roy, Utah, United States of America
Citizenship Required: United States Citizenship
Clearance Type: Secret
Telecommute: Yes-May consider hybrid teleworking for this position
Shift: 1st Shift (United States of America)
Travel Required: Yes, 25% of the Time
Positions Available: 1



At Northrop Grumman, our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems that impact people's lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation's history - from the first flight across the Atlantic Ocean, to stealth bombers, to landing on the moon. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future, and have fun along the way. Our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity, cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work — and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible. Our employees are not only part of history, they're making history.


Join Northrop Grumman on our continued mission to push the boundaries of possible across land, sea, air, space, and cyberspace. Enjoy a culture where your voice is valued and start contributing to our team of passionate professionals providing real-life solutions to our world’s biggest challenges. We take pride in creating purposeful work and allowing our employees to grow and achieve their goals every day by Defining Possible. With our competitive pay and comprehensive benefits, we have the right opportunities to fit your life and launch your career today.

Embark on a career putting innovative, reliable, and agile products and ideas into orbit, and beyond. Northrop Grumman has opportunities waiting for you that play a vital role in human space exploration, national defense, and scientific discovery, supporting multiple programs across the universe. With us, you’ll discover a culture of curiosity and collaboration that will have you Defining Possible from the day you start. Our space systems connect and protect millions of people on earth every day, now and for the future. Explore your future and launch your career today.

Northrop Grumman Space Systems is seeking a Staff Information Systems Project Manager to join the Program Management Team (PMT). This position is in Roy, UT and supports the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent (GBSD) program. We may consider a hybrid/telecommuter role for this position.

What You’ll Get To Do:

Work as a liaison between teams regarding the plan, design, configure, and install network hardware in support of customer requirements.

Maintain technical expertise in all areas of networks and computer hardware and software interconnection and interfacing, such as routers, multiplexers, firewalls, switches, gateways, etc.

Propose solutions to management to ensure all communications requirements based on future needs and current usage, configuring such solutions to optimize cost savings.

Create and ensure that appropriate network documentation exists, including operational instructions.

Provide regular monitoring and network analysis regarding short and long-range planning for in-house systems.

Perform troubleshooting analysis of network infrastructure and associated systems.

Configure, install, and maintain network devices to include routers, switches, and firewalls.

Implement and troubleshoot LAN technologies such as VLANs, Trunking (port tagging), Spanning-Tree, and Port Security.

Provide third-level support and troubleshooting of network problems; periodically provide after-hours and weekend support.

Implement and troubleshoot WAN technologies such as EIGRP, BGP, OSPF, and telco circuits (T1, T3, OC3).

Interface regularly with customers and manage customer installation timelines and deliverables to help facilitate successful deployments.

Oversee the design and implement an enterprise network; recommend data, voice, or video network investment decisions to management and customers based on results of independent assessment of current and future network performance, stability, and network management issues.

As a full-time employee of Northrop Grumman Space Systems, you are eligible for our robust benefits package including:

Medical, Dental & Vision coverage
401k
Educational Assistance
Life Insurance
Employee Assistance Programs & Work/Life Solutions
Paid Time Off
Health & Wellness Resources
Employee Discounts

This positions standard work schedule is a 9/80. The 9/80 schedule allows employees who work a nine-hour day Monday through Thursday to take every other Friday off. This role may offer a competitive relocation assistance package.

#GBSDSoftware

Basic Qualifications:

Info Sys Degree, Business Management field with 14 years of relevant experience or 4 years of additional experience in lieu of degree

Current DoD Secret level security clearance (at a minimum) to include an adjudication date, or periodic reinvestigation date, within the last 6 years; maintaining the required security clearance is a condition of continued employment.

The selected candidate must be a US citizen and have the ability to obtain, and maintain, a DoD Top Secret security clearance and a Special Access Programs (SAP/SAR) clearance within a period of time as determined by customer and/or program requirements; maintaining a Top Secret and SAP/SAR clearance will be a condition of continued employment.

Experience designing and maintaining LAN, WAN, and Cloud based networks.

Experience with managing routing protocols over Enterprise level environments.

Experience with configuring, installing, and maintaining network hardware from Cisco and Palo Alto.

Experience configuring, installing, and maintaining encryption devices (TACLANES) as well as operating General Dynamic’s GEM One and/or GEM X Enterprise Encryptor Management server.

Experience with implementing security best practices to include management of Cisco Identity Services Engine (ICE) and Cisco Terminal Access Controller Access-Control System Plus (TACACS+).

Experience with operating and maintaining Cisco Unified Call Manager (CUCM).

Demonstrated experience in the use of network analysis tools (i.e. WireShark, Opnet, SolarWinds, etc.).

Experience with Microsoft Office, Visio, Project, PowerPoint, and Excel.

Ability to lift equipment weighing up to 40 pounds.

Ability to work after hours and weekends as needed.

Preferred Qualifications:

Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in IS related field.

Previous experience troubleshooting network procedures and best practices; experience with network challenges associated with systems integration, including COTS integration, capacity analysis, and system architecture design.

Current CompTIA Security+CE or higher certification.

Current CASP+ or higher certification.

Clearance TS preferred






Salary Range: $134,700 USD - $202,100 USD



Employees may be eligible for a discretionary bonus in addition to base pay. Annual bonuses are designed to reward individual contributions as well as allow employees to share in company results. Employees in Vice President or Director positions may be eligible for Long Term Incentives. In addition, Northrop Grumman provides a variety of benefits including health insurance coverage, life and disability insurance, savings plan, Company paid holidays and paid time off (PTO) for vacation and/or personal business.




The health and safety of our employees and their families is a top priority. The company encourages employees to remain up-to-date on their COVID-19 vaccinations. U.S. Northrop Grumman employees may be required, in the future, to be vaccinated or have an approved disability/medical or religious accommodation, pursuant to future court decisions and/or government action on the currently stayed federal contractor vaccine mandate under Executive Order 14042 https://www.saferfederalworkforce.gov/contractors/.

Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit http://www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportResponsibilities

The Sr. Product Manager, under the supervision of the Director of Program Operations, will serve as a key point of contact between OHIA and its various customer groups by facilitating meetings with prioritization committees, centers of excellence and other customer groups.

In this role, you will:

develop and nurture business relationships by developing and understanding of customer needs and matching those needs with exiting or future OHIA products and solutions
gain a full understanding of OHIA’s product offerings and develop marketing materials related to those offerings
facilitate access and training related to OHIA’s product offerings and promote adoption across customer groups and the UCLA Health self-service analytics community
provide training and coaching to other members of the product management team and will assist OHIA leadership with strategic planning related to the product roadmap and strategies related to customer engagement and outreach

This is a hybrid remote role.in which you will be expected to be on site 5-10% of the time and within 96 hours of being asked to come into the office.

Qualifications

Requirements:

Minimum of 5+ years of progressively responsible professional experience in IT
Ability to be a team player willing to cooperate and coordinate with other technical staff
Ability to conform to shifting priorities, demands and timelines through analytical and problem solving capabilities
Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment
Ability to elicit cooperation from a wide variety of sources, including upper management, clients, and other departments.
Ability to work both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative Environment.
Effectiveness at leading through influence across multiple competing stakeholder groups, with above-average communication skills, both written and as a presenter.
Excellent customer service orientation
Experience managing customer accounts or customer groups
Experience with managing the product lifecycle for technology based tools and solutions
General knowledge of databases, data warehouses, and data management practices
Knowledge of Oracle and/or SQL Server
Persuasive, encouraging, and motivating.
Strong interpersonal skills.
Strong written and oral communication skills
Technical skill and/or ability to acquire in-depth knowledge and use of Business Intelligence products with a solid knowledge of the Business Intelligence industry and data visualization best practices
Technically competent with various software programs, such as Project, Word, Excel, Visio and PowerPoint.

UCLA is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportSite Name: USA - Pennsylvania - Philadelphia, Durham Blackwell Street
Posted Date: Nov 22 2022


The Manager of Market Access Data and Reporting will drive the development and evolution of US Market Access’ reporting analytics environment. The role will collaborate closely with Market Access and Commercial analytics partners to scope reporting needs as well as with Market Access technical partners to deliver high quality reporting capabilities.

This role requires a unique combination of strong technical data and analytics capabilities, project management, and ability to communicate effectively with cross-functional stakeholders.

Key Responsibilities

Develop and evolve Market Access reporting:
Work with stakeholders across Market Access and Commercial to identify, understand, and prioritize reporting needs
Develop and execute end to end reporting project plans including clear documentation and communication of project timelines, status, and milestones
Partner with data engineers within Market Access Data Strategy and Tech to design and build the appropriate data environment to support reporting capabilities
Deliver reports that translate complex datasets into insights that drive strategic initiatives and operations
Lead the rollout, support, and ongoing maintenance/enhancement of live reports
Provide expertise on GSK and Market Access’ data capabilities to support strategic initiatives, understand data gaps, and identify opportunities to enhance data capabilities
Support ad-hoc data requests as appropriate/needed
Support and contribute to the broader Market Access Data environment, strategy, and roadmap
Embody a culture of sharing information where data experts work together to develop solutions and leverage each other`s skills and knowledge across the organization
Support the evaluation of Market Access data vendors
Compile, maintain and understand data/report/tools sources and vendor budget across Market Access
Prioritize documentation including data architecture, user guides, and data dictionaries

Why You?

Minimum Requirements

Bachelor's degree
Experience with PowerBI, Tableau, and/or other data visualization tools
Experience with SQL, Python, or other data programming language
Excellent proficiency with Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint
Communicate complex data and analytics concepts to diverse groups of stakeholders

Preferred Requirements:

Demonstrated success to think strategically, as well as roll up one's sleeves to tactically execute while knowing when each is needed.
Demonstrated ability deliver on project plans
Demonstrated ability to digest and translate a vast amount of information, into digestible facts, insights and action plans
Understanding of US market access business dynamics and customers (PBMs, Health Plans, Providers, Pharmacies, …)
Experience partnering with data engineers and data scientists
Experience and understanding of database architecture

Why GSK?

Our values and expectationsare at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.

These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork.As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:

Agile and distributed decision-making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk
Managing individual and team performance.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Implementing change initiatives and leading change.
Sustaining energy and well-being, building resilience in teams.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning both internally and externally.
Developing people and building a talent pipeline.
Translating strategy into action - a compelling narrative, motivating others, setting objectives and delegation.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, managing trusted stakeholder relationships internally and externally.
Budgeting and forecasting, commercial and financial acumen.

# LI-GSK

GSK is a global biopharma company with a special purpose – to unite science, technology and talent to get ahead of disease together – so we can positively impact the health of billions of people and deliver stronger, more sustainable shareholder returns – as an organisation where people can thrive. Getting ahead means preventing disease as well as treating it, and we aim to impact the health of 2.5 billion people around the world in the next 10 years.

Our success absolutely depends on our people. While getting ahead of disease together is about our ambition for patients and shareholders, it’s also about making GSK a place where people can thrive. We want GSK to be a workplace where everyone can feel a sense of belonging and thrive as set out in our Equal and Inclusive Treatment of Employees policy. We’re committed to being more proactive at all levels so that our workforce reflects the communities we work and hire in, and our GSK leadership reflects our GSK workforce.

If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

At GSK, the health and safety of our employees are of paramount importance. As a science-led healthcare company on a mission to get ahead of disease together, we believe that supporting vaccination against COVID-19 is the single best thing we can do in the US to ensure the health and safety of our employees, complementary workers, workplaces, customers, consumers, communities, and the patients we serve.

GSK has made the decision to require all US employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19, where allowed by state or local law and where vaccine supply is readily available. The only exceptions to this requirement are employees who are approved for an accommodation for religious, medical or disability-related reasons.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSK’s compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSK’s Transparency Reporting For the Record site.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportTHE CHALLENGE

Eventbrite is a people-first organization. Our goal of building the global platform for live experiences relies on the foundation of top talent and strong company culture. We want to harness our mission and the culture of our company to enable our employees (our Britelings) to thrive in service to that mission. We are also a product-led organization and our Engineering team makes up almost 50% of the company making it imperative for those employees to succeed.


THE TEAM

The Engineering Strategy and Operations team consists of Technical Program Managers and Business Program Managers that are responsible for the planning, execution and tracking of key engineering programs. They enable communication, collaboration, strategy execution, technical delivery and special projects within the Engineering organization and cross-functionally. They facilitate alignment across stakeholders, identify and mitigate risks and influence behaviors that breed success in line with our strategic vision.


THE ROLE

We are looking for a highly collaborative business program manager with deep experience in continuous process improvement. This role will focus on hiring, onboarding and other employee-focused processes specific to our high growth Software Engineering organization. This function is integrated into the Engineering team with a primary goal of helping elevate our Engineering Britelings with the lens of a high performing organization built on our values; Drive Impact, Take Ownership, Continuously Learn, Cultivate Authenticity, Empower Customers. The right person will be ready to roll up their sleeves, seek to understand with curiosity, and simultaneously progress key people initiatives to drive measured outcomes such as employee productivity, engagement and retention.


The role will be reporting into the Engineering Strategy & Operations organization within Engineering and partner with key stakeholders including Engineering senior leadership, Briteling Experience team (HR), DEI leadership, Employee Resource Groups, and Engineering Britelings.


YOU WILL
Increase velocity and efficacy of hiring and onboarding through analyzing existing processes and eliminating non value add activities
Design, build, and maintain global and scalable people processes. This includes partnering with TA and engineering to help enable globally consistent hiring. Helping onboard 50+ employees in the next 6 to 12 months across diverse geographies.
Work with hiring managers and HR to evolve our onboarding programs to ensure each new hire has a consistent foundational experience and their ramp to productivity is optimized
Bring change management skills to program implementation aligned with an agile organization
Create alignment across the Engineering team with a strong communication strategy and ensure accountability on milestones
Identify relevant metrics and report on program performance
Leverage knowledge of the business operations, qualitative and quantitative data, and deep relationships within the business and stakeholder teams to identify new opportunities to enable Briteing engineers to be more effective and productive in how they work
Play a key role in partnership with the HR team to build engineering programs and practices that enable our employees to grow, develop, and contribute to organizational success globally over the course of their employee lifecycle improving engagement and retention
THE SKILL SET
6+ years of program management experience leading people-focused programs in technology and preferably with software engineering teams;
Experience with designing and implementing global, scalable and inclusive processes especially involving hiring, onboarding and continuous learning and development programs
Proven experience with using business acumen, data, and change management frameworks for successful adoptions and continued consumption of people programs
Business partnership experience grounded in strong business acumen and people expertise, including a consultative approach with leaders and managers
Experience balancing strategic projects and hands-on work
Self-directed and able to effectively manage several situations simultaneously
Excellent written and verbal communication skills and cultural awareness
Ability to build relationships and collaborate with global cross-functional teams and partners across all levels of the organization
Ability to influence and partner with different levels of the organization to achieve results
BONUS POINTS
Experience in a global tech organization
Prior engineering experience
Active Eventbrite user with a passion for live events


WHAT WE OFFER

At Eventbrite, we strive to support our Britelings and their loved ones through different stages of life with robust and attractive benefits, financial and physical wellness options, and great perks. In addition to offering a competitive salary and company stock, we have other great benefits available. In the Briteland, you’ll find great medical plans, fertility and adoption benefits, wellness reimbursement, generous parental leave, and much more.


We care about your mental health and wellbeing.

Our employees enjoy free coaching sessions with Modern Health. We also offer free therapy sessions with a psychologist. You’ll also have access to private medical insurance for you and your family, that includes dental care. And our wellness program to pay for your gym expenses.


We work hard to cultivate a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture where Britelings feel like they belong.

Employees can participate in resource groups and we offer programming throughout the year to support a diverse and inclusive workplace.


We offer ongoing training and career development that meets people where they are in their careers.

We offer unlimited access to courses in Udemy, leadership coaching for all managers, Briteling led talks, and weekly company-wide town halls with our CEO. We take culture seriously and design programs with employee feedback in mind to make Eventbrite a great place to work no matter where you work from in the world.


Work-life balance & flexibility is extremely important to us.

Our employees can choose what works best for them: work in one of our offices, be fully remote or the best of both worlds! We believe in a flexible working environment to allow Britelings to perform at their best ensuring a healthy work-life balance. We have recently implemented Britebreak Fridays: all Britelings turn off their computers and take the first Friday of every month off to focus on their wellbeing.


ABOUT EVENTBRITE

Eventbrite is a global self-service ticketing and experience technology platform that serves a community of hundreds of thousands of event creators in nearly 180 countries. Since inception, Eventbrite has been at the center of the experience economy, transforming the way people organize and attend events. The company was founded by Julia Hartz, Kevin Hartz and Renaud Visage, with a vision to build a self-service platform that would make it possible for anyone to create and sell tickets to live experiences. The Eventbrite platform provides an intuitive, secure, and reliable service that enables creators to plan and execute their live and online events, whether it’s an annual culinary festival attracting thousands of foodies, a professional webinar, a weekly yoga workshop or a youth dance class. With over 290 million tickets distributed for over 5 million total events in 2021, Eventbrite is where people all over the world discover new things to do or new ways to do more of what they love. Learn more at www.eventbrite.com.


IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT?

Sign up to keep in touch and we’ll let you know when we have new positions on our team.


Eventbrite is a proud equal opportunity/affirmative action employer supporting workforce diversity. We do not discriminate based upon race, ethnicity, ancestry, citizenship status, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, registered domestic partner status, caregiver status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, genetic information, military or veteran status, mental or physical disability, political affiliation, status as a victim of domestic violence, assault or stalking, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.

Show Less 
ReportTHE CHALLENGE

Eventbrite is on a journey to make our platform the go-to destination for consumers looking to discover live events. We already touch millions of consumers, helping them get together, explore their interests, and pursue their passions through live experiences. Now is the time to supercharge the experience and connection we have with our customer base by delivering best-in-class products on our mobile apps and web to make Eventbrite the trusted destination for consumer demand and help fuel the flywheel of our event marketplace.


To help us deliver on this ambitious vision, we are on the hunt for an energetic Product Manager who puts the customer first, is passionate about user experience, and lives and breathes data to make decisions. Sounds like you? Let’s talk.


THE TEAM

You’ll be joining a global team of experienced and talented Product Managers, Engineers, Designers and Analysts who are focused on building a product that empowers and enables customers to participate in great live experiences. We are passionate about live events, motivated, collaborative, and a fun-loving team responsible for a high-growth, global business.


THE ROLE

With the largest event inventory on the planet, and millions of consumers using the platform for event discovery each month, a delightful, low friction consumer experience throughout is critical to our success. You’ll be responsible for driving initiatives from improving our search experience, to building novel ways to browse our inventory.


In this role, you will be responsible for identifying key opportunities, creating a compelling vision for your product group, defining a strategy and leading teams to ship high quality products. You will work closely with cross-functional teams within and across Eventbrite. This is a great opportunity to join a dynamic team, directly impact millions of would-be event-goers, and help our consumer product become a trusted tool for exploring, and attending the best events on Eventbrite.

THE SKILLSET
Minimum 8 years of experience in product management, preferably with experience working in native apps or consumer-facing products
Experience developing product strategy & building alignment / consensus across an organization
Balance strong bias for action with deep experience driving product alignment across multiple stakeholders
Passion for building innovative products that solve user needs through deep understanding of the customer and finding product market fit
Understand user needs, respond to tight deadlines, and deliver products that drive key business metrics
Minimum 3 years experience in direct team management with a proven track record of building and retaining high performing product management teams
Strong analytical, problem solving, and quantitative skills with data-driven approach to decision-making
Strong prioritization and focus, including comfort making tradeoffs with incomplete information
Ability to influence team members across all departments and levels of the organization.
Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal
Adept at thinking strategically and maintaining a big picture perspective
4-year degree BS/BA in a technical, business or other analytical field required
BONUS POINTS
Experience working for a marketplace with a focus on the demand-side experience
Experience using Eventbrite’s product as a creator and/or attendee


WHAT WE OFFER

At Eventbrite, we strive to support our Britelings and their loved ones through different stages of life with robust and attractive benefits, financial and physical wellness options, and great perks. In addition to offering a competitive salary and company stock, we have other great benefits available. In the Briteland, you’ll find great medical plans, fertility and adoption benefits, wellness reimbursement, generous parental leave, and much more.


We care about your mental health and wellbeing.

Our employees enjoy free coaching sessions with Modern Health. We also offer free therapy sessions with a psychologist. You’ll also have access to private medical insurance for you and your family, that includes dental care. And our wellness program to pay for your gym expenses.


We work hard to cultivate a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture where Britelings feel like they belong.

Employees can participate in resource groups and we offer programming throughout the year to support a diverse and inclusive workplace.


We offer ongoing training and career development that meets people where they are in their careers.

We offer unlimited access to courses in Udemy, leadership coaching for all managers, Briteling led talks, and weekly company-wide town halls with our CEO. We take culture seriously and design programs with employee feedback in mind to make Eventbrite a great place to work no matter where you work from in the world.


Work-life balance & flexibility is extremely important to us.

Our employees can choose what works best for them: work in one of our offices, be fully remote or the best of both worlds! We believe in a flexible working environment to allow Britelings to perform at their best ensuring a healthy work-life balance. We have recently implemented Britebreak Fridays: all Britelings turn off their computers and take the first Friday of every month off to focus on their wellbeing.


ABOUT EVENTBRITE

Eventbrite is a global self-service ticketing and experience technology platform that serves a community of hundreds of thousands of event creators in nearly 180 countries. Since inception, Eventbrite has been at the center of the experience economy, transforming the way people organize and attend events. The company was founded by Julia Hartz, Kevin Hartz and Renaud Visage, with a vision to build a self-service platform that would make it possible for anyone to create and sell tickets to live experiences. The Eventbrite platform provides an intuitive, secure, and reliable service that enables creators to plan and execute their live and online events, whether it’s an annual culinary festival attracting thousands of foodies, a professional webinar, a weekly yoga workshop or a youth dance class. With over 290 million tickets distributed for over 5 million total events in 2021, Eventbrite is where people all over the world discover new things to do or new ways to do more of what they love. Learn more at www.eventbrite.com.


IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT?

Sign up to keep in touch and we’ll let you know when we have new positions on our team.


Eventbrite is a proud equal opportunity/affirmative action employer supporting workforce diversity. We do not discriminate based upon race, ethnicity, ancestry, citizenship status, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, registered domestic partner status, caregiver status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, genetic information, military or veteran status, mental or physical disability, political affiliation, status as a victim of domestic violence, assault or stalking, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.

Show Less The Healthcare Data Integration Manager is an exempt position that supports Vital Incite’s mission by leading the Integration team, ensuring that Vital Incite’s data integration operations continue to meet our high standards of best-in-class quality and timeliness. The Integration Operations manager will report to the Director of Product and use their strong attention to detail, ability to connect team members from different departments, and dedication to the simplification of processes to ensure that all integration efforts move forward and remain on schedule.

Responsibilities

Essential Responsibilities:


Process and Department Management
Manages internal tracking systems and internal wiki documentation and input.
Creates/assigns tickets for new integrations and data issues, establishes priorities and manages team sprints and workflows.
Manages timelines based on project complexity and Strategist/client feedback as needed.
Integration Outreach and Tracking
Establishes high level relationships with carrier contacts, negotiating national strategies and working on global improvement of integration processes.
Leads outreach or develops team templates needed to clarify legal relationships and processes. Manages NDA and contractual discussions between vendors, employers, legal team etc.
Own new file layout negotiations, communicating data impact to Strategy team and client as necessary. Communicates effectively to obtain collaboration between parties to create efficient processes and help improve timeliness of integrations.,
Acts as top tier support in most complex integrations involving new file types. A strong relationship builder and negotiator that can advocate on behalf of our clients for the most complete data sets available.
Owns directly and through the supervision of Integration Team, the business processes from outreach through go-live and maintaining data accuracy. Remains hands-on throughout these processes and solicits team feedback in order to understand pain points and areas for improvement. Updates and simplifies processes wherever possible.
Lead communicator between Data Integration Team and Strategy Team, leads process for communicating progress and status of integrations and data issues internally and externally including tag up calls, structure of internal ticketing and tracking system etc.
Data Quality Assurance
Owns directly and through the supervision of the Integration Team, the process of data quality assurance including scoping and communicating the need for new data quality reporting based on industry trends and issues.
Final point of contact for data accuracy questions, concerns, and updates. Trains and mentors team members to accomplish these tasks and provides second tier support for more complex questions and issues.
Updates all incoming/outgoing data feeds in project management software and understands dependencies and timelines in those feeds.
Other duties as assigned.

Position Scope:


Supervisory Responsibility
This position is a supervisory role within Vital Incite and will be responsible for directly managing members of the Data Warehouse team.
Confidentiality
This position has access to highly confidential information, which will require exceptional confidentiality to protect the privacy of clients as well as Vital Incite’s intellectual property.
Independent Action and Judgement
Must be able to make decisions concerning responsibilities with regard to priority and be disciplined and organized in the efficient use of time. The individual must have strong problem-solving skills.
This position displays a willingness to make decisions, exhibit sound and accurate judgment, include the appropriate people in the decision-making process, and make timely choices.
Contacts Internal/External
This position will have contact with staff at all levels within the organization, up to and including senior management. The successful applicant must be able to communicate well with all Vital Incite employees and external vendors.
Work Environment:
This position will be required to perform a variety of tasks, work under general supervision, and must be able to manage competing demands.

Qualifications

Minimum Requirements/Qualifications


Education:
Bachelor of Science degree in Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, Finance, Computer Science or Healthcare related field or equivalent experience
Experience:
Experience managing high performing teams working on business critical processes.
Experience developing relationships and negotiating with external contacts for optimal results.
High degree of organization and ability to follow up with unresponsive contacts.
Understanding of healthcare claims data, data integration and PHI protections a plus
Basic understanding of SQL and data querying concepts is a plus
Strong understanding of Microsoft Excel
Skills:
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Strong communication skills, written and oral
Strong organizational skills, able to manage multiple competing timelines simultaneously and follow-up with appropriate parties to ensure that timelines are met.
Works well both independently or as part of a team
Energetic, flexible, collaborative, and proactive
Passion for Vital Incite’s mission and ongoing commitment to outstanding customer service

Equal Opportunity Employment

We're an equal opportunity employer . All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.

If you're a California resident, please read the California Consumer Privacy Act prior to applying.

#pandoIQ

To apply to this job, click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportThe Identity Security team is focused on protecting our customers from unauthorized access. Our team’s efforts save individuals from account compromise and safeguard transactions powering the global digital economy.

Azure AD Conditional Access is Microsoft’s adaptive access policy solution which takes in all available data points and makes explicit access decisions. Conditional Access is used by thousands of organizations and millions of users across the globe. Gartner (leading analyst research firm) has said that Conditional Access is one of the strengths for Azure AD and a popular and heavily leveraged adaptive access tool.

This is where you come in – we are looking for a leader for the Conditional Access product team.

In this role, you will lead a diverse team of Product Managers building new Conditional Access features. You will guide your team to work closely with customers to identify customer pain in the access policy area, design end-to-end solutions that address those problems, validate them with customers and stakeholders and see them through to completion in partnership with your engineering team. You will attract, hire, manage, grow, and retain talent.

Our competitors are capable, well-funded, and continuing to innovate. You will keep close tabs on where the industry and our competition are going. You will define the strategy and roadmap of the adaptive access policy considering customer, competition and industry trends. You will have the opportunity to heavily influence the Microsoft Security and Zero Trust strategy.

It’s not sufficient to just have the security features available. Unless the features are used, Microsoft is unable to protect the customers. Success in this role will require a strong focus on driving usage partnering with customer experience teams and performing in-product experimentation to drive growth.

This role will require a lot of cross-team collaboration across disciplines and the company. If you thrive on building on other’s work and thinking of how to deliver integrated holistic products for our customers, this role is for you.

The Identity and Network Access (IDNA) team is a fun, inclusive, collaborative community who are committed to working closely with customers and with each other. We pride ourselves on building strong relationships with customers so we can deeply understand their requirements and deliver solutions that satisfy their needs and exceed their expectations. We build these same relationships within our team and are looking for people who are eager to collaborate.

If you’re interested in cybersecurity and looking to make a global impact, please join us!

#IdentityJobs
#MSFTSecurity
Responsibilities
Hire, manage, and grow a team of product managers
Work with your feature team, customer success team, product teams within Microsoft, and customers to understand requirements, pain points, and opportunities to innovate
Drive usage and experimentation
Partner with teams across IDNA and Microsoft to deliver integrated products
Define the roadmap for Conditional Access
Employ telemetry and data analysis to measure adoption and satisfaction of access control features, and use experimentation to find the most effective ways to improve key metrics
Analyze competition and monitor industry trends with respect to access control
Qualifications
Required Qualifications:
8+ years’ experience in product management or equivalent
2+ years’ experience as a People Manager
Experience defining and driving the delivery of technical or user experience features
Experience collaborating with engineering and/or design and research teams to define and build new user experiences or technical solutions
Experience listening to customers or stakeholders to understand their requirements and then drive implementation that meets their needs.


Nice-To-Have (Not Required)
Bachelor’s degree in engineering, computer science, human computer interaction, or related industry experience
Prior experience with or expertise in identity or security related technology
Experience organizing complex projects that span divisions within an organization


Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings:

Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud Background Check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.

Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
Show Less The position is described below. If you want to apply, click the Apply button at the top or bottom of this page. You'll be required to create an account or sign in to an existing one.

Need Help?

If you have a disability and need assistance with the application, you can request a reasonable accommodation. Send an email toAccessibility(accommodation requests only; other inquiries won't receive a response).

Regular or Temporary:

Regular

Language Fluency: English (Required)

Work Shift:

1st shift (United States of America)

Please review the following job description:

This senior position will lead the Cloud Identity and Access Management Teams consisting of technical engineers focused on the design, implementation, and operation of identity and access management systems across the enterprise. While this will be a leadership & personnel management position, this is also a very technical role, so candidates for this position should have significant hands-on experience designing and implementing with cloud platforms. For example, this position may need to be able to read and interpret JSON or interpret automation scripts (Powershell or Python).

This pivotal role will be a key member of cloud-focused and IAM-focused working groups providing thought leadership, establishing standards, and bridging the gap between existing enterprise processes and new cloud-based processes and procedures.

Responsible for developing and maintaining the technical IT / cyber security capabilities necessary for safeguarding the firm's information systems and applications (software development lifecycle), including every phase of the SDLC and software stack. Design, plan, test and implement phases of cybersecurity technology projects.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Following is a summary of the essential functions for this job. Other duties may be performed, both major and minor, which are not mentioned below. Specific activities may change from time to time.
1. Develop and maintain the technical IT/cyber capabilities including all phases of the software development lifecycle and software stack which includes threat modeling of application designs, static application security testing (SAST), software composition analysis (SCA), dynamic application security testing (DAST), and penetration testing.
2. Lead efforts related to designing, planning, enhancing, and testing all cybersecurity technologies used throughout the enterprise including base-lining current systems, trend analysis, and capacity planning as required for future systems requirements and new technologies.
3. Analyze information to determine, recommend, and plan the use of new information security technologies, or modifications to existing equipment and systems that will provide capability for proposed project or work load, efficient operation and effective use of allotted resources
4. Lead the implementation of new information security technologies or integration of existing technologies including initial configuration, installation, change management, and operational handoff
5. Use sophisticated analytical thought through models, testing, and experience to exercise judgment and identify innovative solutions.
6. Responsible for technical support of information security technologies providing expert problem analysis and resolution in a timely manner
7. Set the team's direction and communicates individual and team priorities and deliverables for the team against expected results. Make leadership decisions within established policies, procedures, and established objectives.
8. Leads complex and visible projects with moderate to high risk and complexity.

QUALIFICATIONS

Required Qualifications:

The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
1. Bachelor’s degree and eight years of experience in systems engineering or administration or an equivalent combination of education and work experience
2. Deep specialized and/or broad functional knowledge in applied enterprise information security technologies including but not limited to firewalls, intrusion detection/prevention systems, network operating systems, identity management, database activity monitoring, encryption, content filtering, and Mainframe security
3. CISSP Certification
4. Previous experience in leading complex IT projects

Preferred Qualifications:
5. Master’s degree or MBA and ten years of experience or an equivalent combination of education and work experience
6. Banking or financial services experience
7. Other security certifications (e.g. CCNA Security, GSEC, GCED, GPPA, etc.)
8. Other technical Certifications (e.g. CCNA, RHCE, MCSE, etc.)

9. Must Be able to demonstrate strong technical skills and experience in AWS and Azure cloud platforms

10. Experience with Provisioning Platforms (such as Oracle Identity Manager), Directory Services (Active Directory, etc), Federation Identity Providers and Protocols (ADFS, Azure Active Directory for Enterprise Applications, SAML, OIDC, Privileged Access Management (CyberArk, Centrify, etc), Identity Governance tools used for access reviews

11. Professional certifications in cloud technologies and security (AWS, Azure, CCISP, etc).

OTHER JOB REQUIREMENTS / WORKING CONDITIONS

Sitting
Constantly (More than 50% of the time)
Visual / Audio / Speaking
Able to access and interpret client information received from the computer and able to hear and speak with individuals in person and on the phone.
Manual Dexterity / Keyboarding
Able to work standard office equipment, including PC keyboard and mouse, copy/fax machines, and printers.
Availability
Able to work all hours scheduled, including overtime as directed by manager/supervisor and required by business need.
Travel
Minimal and up to 10%

Truist supports a diverse workforce and is an Equal Opportunity Employer that does not discriminate against individuals on the basis of race, gender, color, religion, citizenship or national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status or other classification protected by law. Truist is a Drug Free Workplace.

EEO is the Law Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision E-Verify

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less Title: Sr. Manager - Identity and Data Management

Position: Full-Time

Location: Remote

Who we are looking for:

How you'll make an impact:

· Drive demand generation across the full LOB portfolio including sales enablement support

· Identify cross-sell & up-sell opportunities across the Cyber Protection and Identity line of business & Services portfolio to best meet our client’s business and technology needs

· Able to partner with clients to solution & depict the proper solution blueprint on specific custom deals

· Oversight of the proposal & SOW creation for the proposed execution of specific custom deals

· Mentorship of Associate Demand Managers

· Achieve expert-level knowledge in multiple Practice’s solution areas and be able to effectively translate client needs into actionable proposals and contracts for Client strategic offerings in a timely manner.

· Identify and understand our client's security concerns and how they correlate to Client strategic solutions across the Cyber Protection and Identity and compliment holistic cyber security programs

· Assist in identifying additional Client capabilities that the client may find beneficial

· Provides feedback on project co-workers for talent talks

Qualifications for success:

· Bachelor or higher degree or its equivalent in certifications or work experience - with a preference in STEM, Computer Science, Cyber Security, or other related discipline

· Experience in providing guidance Identity and Access Management Solutions at a programmatic level

· Knowledge of top Identity & Access Management technologies; SailPoint, CyberArk, Saviynt, Okta, Ping

· Preferred knowledge in Azure AD, Azure MIP, O365, Active Directory, MIM, Federation/SSO (ADFS), and AD Security Essentials

· Preferred experience in developing, implementing or architecting cyber security projects related to data protection and/or data governance

· Experience in managing and prioritizing the proposal process to create business proposals, contracts, and respond to RFI/RFP’s

· Ability to clearly articulate the benefits of your Client subject matter product and service solutions portfolio to various client stakeholders

· Proven experience in a pre-sales, post-sales, or non-sales technical capacity in an information security environment.

· Ability to listen and communicate effectively with vendors, prospects, clients, account managers and management.

· Confident presentation, written, and oral communication skills

· Desire to learn additional subject matter areas

· 4+ years’ experience

Job Type: Full-time

Salary: $160,494.04 - $190,886.96 per year

Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Supplemental pay types:

Bonus pay
Commission pay
Signing bonus
Tips

Work Location: Remote

Show Less VP, Engineering
If you are a VP of Engineering with experience, please read on!

This team of creators is passionate about the potential of digital transformation in remote and neglected regions. We like developing digital platforms and products that give rural and underprivileged populations access to vital services including healthcare, humanitarian aid, markets for farmers' goods, and financial services.

As a member of the executive team, the Vice President of Software Engineering will oversee all aspects of engineering for this team. In order to have a significant impact on strategy, build novel and effective solutions, and operate and support them to the highest standards, this person will collaborate closely with product and market leadership. You will be in charge of assuring quality and compliance with standards for a multidisciplinary team of over 100 developers, architects, and operations personnel.



If this sounds interesting to you, apply today!
What You Will Be Doing
We are seeking someone who can optimize cost while delivering high levels of usability and performance. The solutions you would be engineering are designed to have an impact at scale in remote and frequently offline communities across Africa and South Asia that have very low levels of digitization. In addition, you'll:


Contribute as a member of the community leadership team, working across functions and bringing an engineering perspective.
Establish a culture of world-class engineering;
Translate business and product goals into a technology strategy for the Community platform;
Assist in the creation of a North Star metric in collaboration with Product and Market leadership
Establish an effective operating and organizing model to deliver objectives; create and lead multiple high performance, empowered teams; coach team members and develop talent
Architect high-quality solutions, offer estimates for solutions, and manage the scope and delivery against commercial milestones throughout the life-cycle of the platform; "Define the initial scope/requirements of platform initiatives; assisting product team
Define the initial platform effort requirements and scope, working with the product team
During the lifecycle of platform initiatives, architect top-notch solutions, offer estimates for solutions, and manage the scope and delivery against commercial milestones.
Actively look for chances for creativity and original thinking.
Confirm that teams have defined priorities.
Establish and track staff members' goals to ensure they are in line with the strategy and goals of the team
Communicate at different levels and across functions in a clear, straightforward, and succinct manner to ensure understanding.
Support program management, administration, and financial and strategic planning.
Align the platform and vertical products' development and management with the goals by collaborating with the cross-functional organization, which includes Business Operations, Infrastructure Services, Corporate Security, and Shared Services.
What You Need for this Position
Leading all facets of the delivery of technological solutions from definition through operations/run requires strong engineering discipline and demonstrated experience:
Extensive experience with mobile and the complete stack in a scaled corporate context is required.
Proven track record of developing products, upgrading frameworks, and supporting production for flaws, vulnerability fixes, compliance, and migrations
Engineering and operational expertise with both on-premises and public cloud solutions
Advanced knowledge of and experience with the concepts and methodologies of software engineering.
Capacity and expertise to support policy formulation
Technology business savvy:
Extensive experience working directly with customers to better understand their needs and ensure their success with our solutions.
Experience leading multiple diverse (cross functional) teams and working across a strong matrix organization.
Extensive experience with budget management, organizational design, recruiting, partnering with support teams like legal and finance.
0Education: BS Degree or a comparable mix of work experience and academic training.
What's In It for You
Remote available!
Chance to join a global technology company in the payments industry
Competitive salary & benefits!
So, if you are a VP, Engineering with experience, please apply today!

Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.


CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
Show Less 
ReportWe have a Contract role for an Project/Program Manager - Level 3- Remote for our client in Hartford, CT. Please let me know if you or any of your friends would be interested in this position.

Position Title:
Project/Program Manager - Level 3- Remote Hartford, CT
Location : Remote (Hartford, CT)
Duration : 01 Year

Job Description
This is Us
The State of Connecticut is embarking upon a digital transformation to uplift the lives and well-being of our residents, businesses, and employees. Our goal is to improve access to our programs and services, making interaction with government easier. When you join the Connecticut Digital Service, you’ll be part of a team creating simple experiences personalized for everyone. If you enjoy solving complex problems with a curious, supportive, high-performing team, then the State of Connecticut is the place for you.

Is This You?
Product Execution. You thrive while planning, discovery, development, testing, and analyzing during the product lifecycle.
Data Obsessed. You are driven to experiment with creating data-driven findings and success measures.
Embrace Change. You think outside of the box, want to understand the perspectives of others, and will interpret and validate with data.

About the Role

The Agile Project Manager will support of a cross-functional project team focused on driving the end-to-end digital product lifecycle for features and products improving the overall online experience for the state.
The Agile Project Manager will develop new process and methodologies for the product development leadership, consistent with the goals and objectives of the new Connecticut Digital Service.
The work supports the Digital Product Manager in managing project scope and schedule, project status report, change management, governance, role identification, and business communication with the stakeholders.

Experiences Required for This Role

Project Planning & Management – At least 3 years of experience and use cases with the following:
Defining project scope and schedule
Focusing on regular and timely delivery of value and ensuring sprints are completed on-time
Organizing and leading project status and working meetings
Preparing and distributing progress reports
Communicating plan deviations
Performing delivery planning for assigned projects
Defining and managing a well-defined project management process
Championing ongoing process improvement initiatives
Risk/Issue Management & Mitigation – At least 3 years of experience and use cases with the following:
Identifying and mitigating plans
Resolving issues to keep the project moving
Proactively avoiding risks
Ensuring the team meets required policies
Making recommendations for continuous improvement
Product Owner Support – At least 3 years of experience and use cases with the following:
Supporting the Product Owner in managing expectations for project deliverables
Managing stakeholder communications
Helping to implement an effective system of project governance
Team Management & Team Building – At least 3 years of experience and use cases with the following:
Assisting in team development while holding teams accountable for their commitments
Removing roadblocks
Assigning tasks to individuals and balancing the workload across teams
Leveraging organizational resources to improve team and individual capacity for project work
Ensuring team members are fully engaged in the project, making a meaningful contribution and encouraging a sustainable pace
Motivating team members
Digital Platforms, Tools and Discipline – At least 2 years of experience and use cases with the following:
Working with enterprise scale digital platforms specializing in at least 3: omni-channel service delivery, web content management, customer relationship management, identity and data integration
Establishing continuous improvement/delivery pipeline to continually improve products post-launch based on customer research and feedback
Leading documentation and communication throughout the product lifecycle for both technical processes and cross-functional teams affected by new change
Using of productivity, communication, and analysis tools to manage iterative delivery, such as JIRA/Confluence, Google Analytics, Git Repository, Microsoft Teams, Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel)

Knowledge, Skills, and Ability

Project Management
Experience with Jira and Confluence
Developing and supporting modern, agile product and project management processes
Establishing the project environment necessary to operate as a high performing cross-functional team in partnership with stakeholders
Building and clearly communicating the vision, strategy, roadmap, and resources required for delivery
Scoping, prioritization, and translation of technical and design tasks into delivery plans
Government-specific task management
Data-driven decision-making
Performance in Complex Situations
Communication and collaboration with state-wide partners
Clearing challenges for team members
Comfort in blazing a path through an ambiguous work environment
Judgement fitting to the ever-changing environment
Ability to juggle multiple project workstreams
Service Design Team Building
Supporting teammates’ skills and behaviors development and delivery
A balance between strong domain expertise and flexibility
Prioritization, organization, and triage in an independent environment
Encouraging of an interactive, cooperative, collaborative, and customer-focused work environment
Ability to maintain strict confidentiality
Judgement in dealing effectively and diplomatically with all levels of government staff

Preferred Skills & Qualifications
Other Desirable Skills

2 years of user-centered design
2 years of user research and analytics
2 years of management/supervisory experience
2 years of customer relationship management platforms such as Salesforce
3 years of web content management platforms such as Sitecore

Job Type: Contract

Benefits:

Health insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Scrum: 1 year (Preferred)

License/Certification:

PMP (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Show Less We're Cruise, a self-driving service designed for the cities we love.

We're building the world's most advanced, self-driving vehicles to safely connect people to the places, things, and experiences they care about. We believe self-driving vehicles will help save lives, reshape cities, give back time in transit, and restore freedom of movement for many.

Cruisers have the opportunity to grow and develop while learning from leaders at the forefront of their fields. With a culture of internal mobility, there's an opportunity to thrive in a variety of disciplines. This is a place for dreamers and doers to succeed.

If you are looking to play a part in making a positive impact in the world by advancing the revolutionary work of self-driving cars, join us.

About the role:

Cruise is seeking an Engineering Manager to lead the Identity and Access Management (IAM) team. As an experienced people and engineering leader in this role, you will build, grow and manage a team of engineers responsible for adding internal customer-facing features and bringing creative solutions to Cruise Identity Management systems. You will ensure our IAM platform and solutions are scalable and secure to meet our future growth and requirements of business domains. You have a passion for building agile teams that effectively plan & execute work and collaborate with broader cross-functional teams to successfully deliver mission-critical projects. You will build partnerships with other Security and engineering leaders, team members, and vendors to scale our global IAM capabilities across the organization.

What you'll be doing:

Lead the strategic technical planning, design and delivery of Identity & Access Management solutions and capabilities at Cruise.
Architect and drive the next generation of our IAM solutions with a focus on zero trust
Establish SLAs, governance processes, best practices and mitigation procedures across development lifecycle and sustainment for all IAM services
Identify and establish procedures to ensure the business continuity, confidentiality and integrity of identity data services
Develop and implement success-driven solutions that align with Enterprise goals and provide the desired outcomes.
Drive engineering efforts and manage the execution of programs / projects.
Define ambitious, measurable goals and objectives; identity metrics and solutions that show impact and progress over time
Develops and implements automation workflows to facilitate user provisioning, deprovisioning and access control
Collaborate with the different teams including Engineering, Legal, Operations, HR and Security solving the unique challenges of securing our environment and ensuring alignment on shared goals.
Develop and maintain documentation for configurations, processes, designs and standard operating procedures

What you must have:

Has 7+ years of IAM solutions and engineering experience, with 3+ years in managerial or technical leadership role
Experience in enterprise infrastructure technologies (systems design and architecture, application service management)
A demonstrable track record of implementing enterprise level scalable IAM systems and solutions e.g. user provisioning / deprovisioning, access control, user flow authentication, federation, etc.
Experience on IAM and Security products related to authentication, authorization, SSO, MFA, SIEM and/or enterprise security protocols like SAML, OpenID, OAuth, API Access Management
Experience with cloud-based users directory administration and integration, including an understanding of group nesting, multi-domain environments, security groups
Experience in leading teams, managing both delivery and operations of platforms
Experience in CI/CD, DevOps, change management and ability to drive and engage in deep technical troubleshooting
Understanding of Directory Services, LDAP Operations, ACL/ACI management
Having an understanding and experience with data monitoring and analytics platform
Experience with automation and scripting e.g. Powershell, Python

Bonus Points:

Experience with Okta Platform
Experience with containerization and orchestration (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes)
Why Cruise?
Our benefits are here to support the whole you:
Competitive salary and benefits
401(k) Cruise matching program
Medical / dental / vision, AD+D and Life
One Medical membership
Subsidized mental health benefits
Flexible vacation and company paid holidays
Healthy meals and snacks provided for non-remote employees
Paid parental, jury duty, bereavement, family care and medical leave
Fertility Benefits
Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account, subsidized by Cruise
Flexible Spending Account
Monthly wellness stipend
Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Plan for non-remote employees
CruiseFlex - a working policy for US-Based Cruisers that lets you and your manager find what working style is best for you, whether it's primarily in-person, primarily at home or a combination of home and in-office time.
We're Integrated
Through our partnerships with General Motors and Honda, we are the only self-driving company with fully integrated manufacturing at scale.
We're Funded
GM, Honda, Microsoft, T. Rowe Price & Walmart have invested billions in Cruise. Their backing for our technology demonstrates their confidence in our progress, team, and vision and makes us one of the leading autonomous vehicle organizations in the industry. Our deep resources greatly accelerate our operating speed.
We're Independent
We have our own governance, board of directors, equity, and investors. Our independence allows us to not just work on the edge of technology, but also define it.
We're Vested
You won't just own your work here, you'll have the potential to own equity in Cruise, too. We are competing in a market that is projected to grow exponentially, which gives our company valuation room to grow.
Recurring Liquidity Opportunity (RLO) - a unique equity program where employees, both current and former, have the option to sell any amount of their vested equity on a recurring basis, currently quarterly.

Cruise LLC is an equal opportunity employer.We strive to create a supportive and inclusive workplace where contributions are valued and celebrated, and our employees thrive by being themselves and are inspired to do the best work of their lives.

We seek applicants of all backgrounds and identities, across race, color, ethnicity, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or parental status, or disability. Applicants will not be discriminated against based on these or other protected categories or social identities. Cruise will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, in accordance with applicable laws.

Cruise is committed to the full inclusion of all applicants. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process please let our recruiting team know or email HR@getcruise.com.

We proactively work to design hiring processes that promote equity and inclusion while mitigating bias. To help us track the effectiveness and inclusivity of our recruiting efforts, please consider answering the following demographic questions. Answering these questions is entirely voluntary. Your answers to these questions will not be shared with the hiring decision makers and will not impact the hiring decision in any way. Instead, Cruise will use this information not only to comply with any government reporting obligations but also to track our progress toward meeting our diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging objectives.

Vaccine Mandate.

At Cruise, we're tasked with leading in the communities we serve — and doing our part to help keep our communities and our teams safe. Our #StaySafe culture transcends and informs all we do, and because of this, as of October 31, 2021 Cruise will be mandating COVID-19 vaccinations for all US-based Cruisers who need or want to access any of our US Cruise facilities and engage in any business travel — including attending any in-person Company-sponsored event.

If you are unable to get a vaccine due to a medical condition, disability, or a strongly-held religious belief, Cruise will consider requests for an accommodation.

Note to Recruitment Agencies:Cruise does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Furthermore, Cruise does not pay placement fees for candidates submitted by any agency other than its approved partners.

Show Less When you join Verizon

Verizon is one of the world’s leading providers of technology and communications services, transforming the way we connect across the globe. We’re a diverse network of people driven by our shared ambition to shape a better future. Here, we have the ability to learn and grow at the speed of technology, and the space to create within every role. Together, we are moving the world forward – and you can too. Dream it. Build it. Do it here.


What you’ll be doing...

Are you excited about working on leading-edge applications and platforms and collaborating with various organizations as part of the next-Gen 5G journey? The Device Technology team under Technology & Product Development organization is looking for a Senior Managerwho is a self-motivated, innovative, out-of-box thinker and a team player to lead theIdentity Access Management team . Theteam is chartered in leading the development and implementation of various device technologysolutions securing customers with user-centric experience; and driving device requirements, strategy for Public Safety andRegulatory Wireless and Enterprise Services for 4G and 5G networks. This thought leader will drive the innovation and development of identity products around new technical concepts for various application frameworks for 5G network services architectures by partnering with multiple stakeholder organizations.

This individual will manage a diverse team and mentor and grow the next generation of Verizon leaders. In this position, you will manage a team responsible for engineering revenue-generating products and services for the Identity Service segments in partnership with enterprise and consumer business groups. To design best-in-class solutions, you will evaluate next-generation technology, existing deployments, competitive trends, and business drivers. You will make vendor selections and own the vendor relationship, including contract negotiations. You will lead a diverse team of engineers responsible for the service deployment, including concept formulation, technical requirements, testing and troubleshooting, cross-functional coordination/leadership, and ongoing SME support.

You will recognize and capitalize on areas of strength, and in areas of opportunity, you will foster improvement and front the team to promote success. You will need to understand company and organization priorities and navigate cross-functional dynamics for the team to be effective.

Responsibilities:


Lead the development of standards, design, and deployment for authentication, authorization, and privacy of devices/applications (Android and ios).
Managecustomer-facing identity and authentication platforms, (e.g., FIDO and Identity Management Server).
Leverage modern best practices and trends such as Zero Trust, Biometrics, EAP, and FIDO while being able to address a broad set of requirements, not just security but also scalability and performance-related.
Architect enterprise-scale IAM systems making sure aspects like development, systems integration, and business needs are aligned to technology solutions.
Influence the roadmap for IAM technology and enhance the customer experience for various VZ services securely without compromising user privacy.
Lead the device requirements and architectures for priority services and ensure it meets the FCC mandates for Wireless Emergency Alerts (WEA), RTT, and other Public Safety and Security services.
Manage customer-facing identity and authentication platforms, e.g., FIDO and Identity Management Server.
Responsible for evaluating access management systems reflective of continued improvements of provision processes and operations.
Leading in developing standards, design, and deployment for authentication, authorization, and privacy device technologies.
Work with Network Planning and other stakeholders to represent and drive standardization work in 5G, Web Auth/FIDO, and GSMA working groups. Help formulate the vision and influence the device technology roadmap.
Emerging Technology Evaluation and Innovation in areas such as Identity, FIDO (Fast IDentity Online) Authentication; Behavior /biometric technologies, device authentication/application authorization, OpenID and 3GPP SEAL functional model, and 5G system service-based architecture for authorization.
Lead developing of new products, supporting marketing and product development for Identity Products and Device/Services/User authentication and authorization.
Supports all access management control activities across all infrastructure system.
Evaluates existing access to ensure access levels remain commensurate with job responsibilities.
Vendor and Budget Management.
Interactwith cross-functional teams.

Where you'll be working…

In this hybrid role, you'll have a defined work location that includes work from home and assigned office days set by your manager.


What we’re looking for...

You'll need to have:


Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience.
Six or more years of relevant work experience.
Knowledge of Cybersecurity architecture and associated technologies with a focus on Identity and Access Management solutions.

Even better if you have one or more of the following:


Master degree with device cyber security experience.
Background in IAM product development, device, application and network security authentication and access experience
Experience managing a team.
Experience with Mobile Device, 4G/5G network and services architecture, FIDO, EAP and Identity and authentication and authorization technologies.
Knowledge of wireless and broadband technology standards (e.g., 3GPP, ATIS, CTIA) and application.
Proven success in leading diverse teams.
Presentation skills.
Experience with vendor management.
Knowledge of the competitive landscape and demonstrating a firm understanding of the upcoming technology marketplace.
Experience presenting to leadership and technical audiences.
Ability to be motivated, self-sufficient, self-starter who is comfortable standing programs from the ground up and taking the initiative to drive projects to resolution.
Systems engineering experience.
Wireline, Wireless Telecommunications, Network and IT industry experience.
Experience deploying large and small projects with components from all aspects of the business.
Knowledge of 5G architecture with special emphasis on the MEC from Identity and authentication perspective.
Experience in managing customer facing products / services.
Knowledgeof identitying and authentication landscape from both consumer and business point.
Organizational, written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills.
Ability to work with and communicate with people of various knowledge levels from the very technical to the casual user.




Equal Employment Opportunity

We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. At Verizon, we know that diversity makes us stronger. We are committed to a collaborative, inclusive environment that encourages authenticity and fosters a sense of belonging. We strive for everyone to feel valued, connected, and empowered to reach their potential and contribute their best. Check out our diversity and inclusion page to learn more.

COVID-19 Vaccination Requirement

NYC candidates: Verizon requires new hires to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 for onsite and hybrid NYC roles. Verizon provides reasonable accommodations consistent with legal requirements (e.g., for medical or religious reasons). Additional information will be provided during the hiring process.

Start your job application: click Apply Now

Show Less With our growing customer base and our expansion into new markets and use cases, we have more to build than ever at Affinity as we execute on our vision to put relationship intelligence at every professional's fingertips.

Reporting to the Head of Engineering, you will be leading and scaling out a team that is responsible for the Identity and Access Management services within the Affinity platform, which enables our customers to securely access their Affinity instances and data across multi-regions, and to comprehensively manage configuration and access controls that align with their compliance and regulatory needs. You will be guiding the team to develop the next generation of this layer to have it become more powerful, intuitive, reusable and scalable.

What you'll be doing:

Through cross-team collaboration, define the technical roadmap for the Identity and Access Management services of the Affinity platform, like multi-region authentication, application security, configuration management, permissions management, and license management.
Lead SCRUM processes like daily standups, sprint plannings, demos and retrospectives.
Drive complex technical, architecture, design, and product discussions.
Provide coaching and mentorship to engineers on the team.
Identify and fill gaps on the team, and create the processes necessary for the team's success.
Scale the team by hiring additional talented engineers to provide the necessary velocity to meet the team's goals.

Qualifications

Don't meet every single requirement? Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every qualification. At Affinity, we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic workplace, so if you're excited about this role, but your past experience doesn't perfectly align with the qualifications above, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.

Required:

You have 12+ years of experience working in backend software engineering.
5+ years in an engineering management role.
You have experience working with complex SaaS platforms that operate at high scale, and are built around APIs, asynchronous services, and a variety of data stores.
You have experience working within the authentication and access control sub-systems of SaaS platforms
You take pride in delivering an exceptionally high-quality product in terms of the functionality you provide to consumers, as well as the platform's overall performance and reliability.
You're excited to work collaboratively within engineering and across functional teams.
You're eager to contribute your ideas and experiences to help Affinity continuously improve as a product and company.

Tech stack

Our platform is built with React and TypeScript on the front end, and with Ruby and PostgreSQL on the back end. Our infrastructure is hosted by AWS and runs on Kubernetes. To learn more about our tech, check out our Building Affinity blog.

What you'll enjoy at Affinity

We live our values as playmakers who are obsessed with learning, care personally about our colleagues and clients, are radically open-minded, and take pride in everything we do.
We pay your medical, dental, and vision insurance with comprehensive PPO and HMO plans. And provide flexible personal & sick days. We want our team to be happy and healthy :)
We offer a 401k plan to help you plan for retirement.
We provide an annual budget for you to spend on education and offer a comprehensive L&D program – after all, one of our core values is that we're #obsessedwithlearning!
We support our employee's overall health and well-being and reimburse monthly for things such as; Transportation, Home Internet, Meals, and Wellness memberships/equipment.
Virtual team building and socials. Keeping people connected is essential.

About Affinity

We have raised over $120M and are backed by some of Silicon Valley's best firms, with over 2000 customers worldwide on our platform. We are proud to have a 4.6 Star Glassdoor rating and recently ranked; Inc.'s Best Workplaces of 2022 and Great Places to Work 2022. Passionate about helping dealmakers in the world's biggest relationship-driven industries to find, manage, and close the most important deals; our Relationship Intelligence platform uses the data exhaust of trillions of interactions between Investment Bankers, Venture Capitalists, Consultants, and other strategic dealmakers with their networks to deliver automated relationship insights that drive over 450,000 deals every month.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 
ReportWork to turn vacation dreams into life-long memories by becoming a part of the Apple Leisure Group (ALG) team! We strive to be the first choice in vacation travel, enriching lives and uniting the world.
Grow your career as a Manager- Identity Access Management within Trisept Solutions, one of our 14 industry-leading brands. In this role you will be designing, implementing and deploying IAM/IGA solutions.

A successful Manager- IAM will:

Design, implement, and deploy IAM/IGA solutions
Create and enforce policies and procedures for effective provisioning, de-provisioning, and entitlements of all identities
Collaborate with key stakeholders to develop requirements and IAM solutions aligning to corporate strategic goals
Hands on involvement in the development and configuration of products around IAM
Advance IAM and Digital Technology security posture, reduce risk and impact profile, implement effective and modern security controls
Leads a team located in the US and Mexico
Demonstrate a commitment to Hyatt core values (included in all job descriptions).
The position responsibilities outlined above are in no way to be construed as all encompassing. Other duties, responsibilities, and qualifications may be required and/or assigned as necessary (included in all job descriptions)

Education

Bachelor's degree in Cyber Security, Computer Science, Information

systems or equivalent work experience in the IT field

Experience

6+ years of experience in Identity and Access Management (IAM)
Knowledge in core IAM Domains
Hands-on experience with IAM technologies, standards and practices • Expertise with Active Directory, group policy management, and operating multiple federation technologies (i.e. ADFS, Ping, Okta, Azure AD, AWS IAM)
Java, API development, Powershell and SQL knowledge
Familiarity with SAP GRC

About Apple Leisure Group

As North America’s only vertically-integrated travel, hospitality and leisure management group, Apple Leisure Group is an industry innovator that combines the expertise of 14 leading brands. Our unique niche allows us the special opportunity to oversee every aspect of the travel experience, from the moment a guest books a trip to the time they return home. ALG consistently delivers exceptional value to travelers and strong performance to resort owners and partners by strategically leveraging the power of its portfolio of brands across five segments, comprising:

Vacations: The largest seller of vacation packages and charter flights in the U.S. for travel to Mexico and the Caribbean, moving approximately 3.2 million passengers annually through well-established vacation brands
Resort Brand Management: management of 5-star and 4-star luxury resorts through AMResorts® award-winning brand portfolio
Destination Management Services: Best-in-class destination management services provided by Amstar® DMC and Worldstar®
Loyalty Program: Exclusive loyalty program Unlimited Vacation Club®
Technology Solutions: Innovative technology solutions provider Trisept Solutions®, connecting over 88,000 travel agents with leading travel suppliers.

To learn more about the Apple Leisure Group advantage, visit appleleisuregroup.com.

About TRISEPT SOLUTIONS

Trisept Solutions® is the enterprise operating platform that delivers innovative merchandising solutions for airlines, hotels and resorts, destinations, theme parks and other travel merchants. With 20 years of travel technology innovation, end-to-end traveler engagement and billions of transactions processed each year, this is the world’s most sophisticated travel merchandising platform.

Our Values

At ALG, we call our employees Team Members, because we are more than just employees. We are united as a team, working toward a common mission and vision. Together, we are committed to live the core values by which we operate:

 We Care • We Are Authentic • We Inspire Action • We Do It Together • We Own our Results

 We Are Hungry For More • We do Everything With Passion

We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free and tobacco-free workplace and perform pre-employment background checks.Show Less  Zions Bancorporation is currently seeking a Manager of Identity and Access Management, who will add to our already awesome cybersecurity team. The individual will be tasked with ensuring that IAM systems used to manage the user identity life cycle and access governance continue to reduce risk and add value to the organization. Additionally, you will work with other cybersecurity leaders to ensure the IAM program continues to improve and mature, and you will have the opportunity to collaborate with business stakeholders, human resources, internal audit, and other technology teams in these efforts.

As an IAM Manager you will directly influence the enterprise-wide cybersecurity of our organization. You will play a part in setting the vision and strategic direction for the Identity & Access Governance team and help to mature and improve the overall IAM program. As a leader, you will assess and translate cybersecurity risk, regulatory and compliance requirements into a coordinated control frameworks that can be efficiently adopted by business and technology teams. You will develop and report company risk profiles and metrics (KPIs/KRIs) including roll-up reports and scorecards consumed by Executive management, Board of Directors, and regulatory agencies. You will seek to improve the IAM governance and posture of the organization.

Apply now if you have a passion for impactful outcomes, enjoy working collaboratively with co-workers, and want to make a difference for the clients and communities we serve.

The IAM Manager will:
Be an analytical thinker, collaborative team player, and a dynamic communicator, able to help bridge the gap between business demands and cybersecurity requirements.
Keep pace with emerging IAM Governance technologies, cyber threats, and industry trends.
Use Agile methods and principles to prioritize and execute on IAM backlog items including platform enhancements, application integrations, process improvements, and technical controls.
Assess and translate cybersecurity risk, and regulatory compliance requirements into a coordinated standards and controls framework that can be efficiently adopted by business and technology teams.
Drive Identity Governance and Administration (IGA) program maturity, facilitating more adoption by onboarding and integrating applications, maturing IAM processes, providing actionable guidance on security standards and IAM best processes. Develop and report key IAM performance and risk metrics (KPIs/KRIs).
Build relationships and serve as a liaison between business system/application owners and the cybersecurity team as it relates to IAM processes.

Technical Experience and Qualifications:
Knowledge of Cybersecurity architecture and associated technologies with a focus on Identity Governance and Access Management solutions
Knowledge of Role Based Access Control (RBAC), User Access Certification, Separation of Duties, and configuring and implementing IAM processes to support them
Preferred management experience including leading diverse technical teams across a broad infrastructure and technology environments
Experience with IAM in financial institutions and implementing SailPoint’s IdentityIQ platform is a plus

Location :
This position can be located 100% remote within the United States or located at the Zions Technology Center in Midvale, UT

Pay Range :
$104,000 – $183,000 (Based upon relatable skills/experience)

Zions Bancorporation is transforming what it means to work for a financial institution. We operate in a fast-paced, information-driven environment, which means we need people who bring diverse experiences, perspectives, and expertise to meet ever-changing demands. Your ability to adapt, learn innovate and collaborate with a dynamic team helps us provide exceptional service to our customers and communities.

Zions Bancorporation is committed to helping our employees grow, develop and advance in their career. Our Workforce of the Future, DEI and UpSkilling initiatives allow you to network across the organization, volunteer in our community, and build your technical and soft skills. We believe that investing in your success and well-being is an investment in our customers and our business.

Together we are building a culture that values diversity, celebrates growth and creates a space of belonging for all our team members. Our people are what set us apart and make us great.

Apply Now: click Apply Now

Show Less 